After a nuclear war, a small band of survivors lives together in a  dilapidated shopping mall. After a few years, the survivors see  something they thought no longer existed: a woman. The woman soon has  thirty men fighting for her affections. She soon learns how easily  manipulated lonely men can be.

After an alien invasion destroys  the Earth, a handful of survivors find that a former NASA scientist is  still alive. The man from NASA operated the most powerful telescope in  the world and must have seen the aliens coming, but he chose not to warn  anyone. When asked, he refuses to say why he didn’t give a warning,  telling them they “just wouldn’t understand.” The survivors decide to  torture him until he gives up his secret.

After all of humanity  is killed in a nuclear war, only a handful of androids remain. They  decide to recreate the human race via cloning. Unfortunately, they only  have two usable samples of human DNA, one male, one female.

After  a near-apocalypse, all historical records are lost. After the survivors  rebuild, they make what they think is humanity’s first trip to the  moon. They are shocked to discover a strange flag on the moon’s surface.  The astronauts take the flag back to earth, and scientists try to  interpret the meaning of its symbols. “Maybe the fifty stars represent  the fifty different alien races in some sort of Interplanetary  Alliance?”

After the destruction of nearly all life on Earth,  the survivors decide to use all of their medical resources to make one  of them immortal. This immortal survivor’s job will be to serve as a  constant voice of warning, reminding humanity to never start another  global war.

After a near-apocalyptic war, humanity is beginning  to rebuild and reproduce. A team of archeologists is on the hunt for  lost historical records, desperate to discover what caused humanity’s  near-destruction. All that remains of the records is a single,  handwritten journal, the journal of the last President. The information  contained in the journal could allow humanity to learn from its mistakes  and, thus, not repeat them. Or, if it fell into the wrong hands…

Aliens  attack the earth with a bizarre weapon: the chronobomb. Entire cities  are instantly transported into the past. A chronobomb strikes a college  dormitory, transporting back to the Jurrasic. The coeds struggle to  survive against dinosaurs, disease, and a murderous fraternity.

After  the earth’s population is decimated by asteroids, the survivors  reorganize into an anarchist society. They learn to grown their own  crops, have a new Industrial Revolution, and eventually reinvent  technology. After years of peace and prosperity, an archeologist  discovers a dangerous artifact from the earth’s past: a book, The  Beginner’s Guide to Politics.

After the earth’s population is  decimated in a nuclear war, the survivors discuss how to begin again.  The women decide that, as men were responsible for the war, they must  never allow men to control anything ever again. The surviving men soon  find themselves reduced to the level of family pets.

A global  disaster destroys earth’s technology, reducing America to a nomadic,  subsistence-level society.  A man explores the ruins of a city, and  stumbles upon what’s left of a highschool archery range. He gathers up  the weapons, making his tribe the most powerful people in the world.  They wage war against the other tribes, nearly unstoppable. A rival  tribe finds the ruins of a museum, where they find a full-scale replica  of a medieval catapult, now the most powerful weapon in the world. The  conflict rages on, as the tribes engage in an archeological arms race.

An  engineer who designs weapons for the government becomes terminally ill,  and volunteers to have himself frozen until a cure can be found. He is  revived thirty years later and healed. After a global war, the  population of the world has gone from billions to a few hundred  thousand. The engineer discovers that a team of archeologists is on  their way to Washington, D.C. to search for lost historical records. He  must stop the archeologists, lest they discover that he invented the  weapons that destroyed the world.

