At the robot factory, a Robot Prison Guard accidentally gets mixed in with the Love Bots and sent to a lonely, single man.

A  woman gets lost, and finds herself in a nursery staffed only by robots.  Try as she might, she can’t convince the machines that she isn’t two  years old.

An engineer working for a landscaping service  designs a gigantic, robotic wood chipper. The robot is equipped with a  vacuum, and it is powerful enough to suck up an entire tree and  instantly turn it to dust. The military discovers his robot, and decides  it would be more useful as a weapon…

After the invention of  highly intelligent, human-like robots, humans can “subcontract” their  jobs to robots. Their job is performed by the robot, and the robot takes  ten percent of their pay. As the system grows in popularity, the  government runs into a problem: the robots refuse to pay taxes.

An  engineer designs tiny, robotic insects. The mechanical marvels can use  raw materials from the world around them to build duplicates of  themselves. He releases thousands of them into the city, where they  infest homes and offices. The insects destroy computers, stereo systems,  refrigerators, anything they can find, reproducing exponentially. The  engineer sends an email to the mayor saying that, unless he is paid one  hundred million dollars, the insects will destroy the city.

A  confused man falls in love with a beautiful actress and gradually  becomes obsessed with her. He discovers that she is actually a robot  owned and operated by the film studio. Desperate, he steals the robot  and kidnaps the real actor who controls her.

The robot police  force guarding New York City decides that the real source of crime is  money. They begin robbing banks and hiding the money where it can never  hurt another human again.

A man buys a new Love Bot from a  strange door-to-door salesman. The robot is a perfect facsimile of a  25-year-old woman. After the robot is exposed to water, it begins to  malfunction, behaving like a 21-year-old, an 18-year-old, a  16-year-old…

Variation – A man buys a Love Bot and a robotic  dog from a strange door-to-door salesman. After being exposed to water,  both robots begin to malfunction. When the salesman shows up again, he  shows the man how to remove the robots’ computer brains and repair them.  The salesman disappears, and the man suddenly realizes that he can’t  remember which brain is which.

Another variation – A man buys a  Love Bot and a robotic dog from a strange door-to-door salesman. Every  night, he plugs the robots into his laptop and works on their  programming, attempting to make them behave exactly the way he desires.  Unfortunately, a computer virus mixes the two files, sending bits of one  robot’s programming to the other.

A computer programmer searches for the cause of a most unusual malfunction: robots finding religion.

Variation – The story of the first human to convert to the Robot Church.

After  the United Nations outlaws nuclear, biological and chemical weapons,  the military develops a new way to destroy cities: thousand-foot robots.

The  parents of a young genius are killed in a plane crash. To avoid being  sent to live with his grandparents, the boy builds robotic duplicates of  his mother and father and tries to convince the world that his parents  are still alive.

A country without an air force defends itself  with bomb-filled androids. The androids are identical to human beings,  and can sneak into an enemy city undetected. If you suspect someone is a  robot bomb, the only way to know for sure is to cut him open…

A company develops robot babies and rents them to couples who aren’t sure if they are ready for children.

The  preacher at a small church watches his congregation get smaller and  smaller. He decides that he can use modern technology to help restore  their faith… by building a robot devil.

Scientists develop  robots to care for the disabled and infirm. The robots can feed, bathe,  and even carry a full-grown human. As the robots become more affordable,  even healthy adults buy them. Soon, the entire country is full of  adults being cared for by robot nannies.

When a dictator  threatens to destroy America with nuclear weapons, America’s leaders  retreat into an underground bunker. So the citizens won’t panic, they  have themselves replaced with robotic replicas. If the CIA manages to  assassinate the dictator, they can come back to the surface and return  to their jobs. However, before they can do so, the robots are discovered  by a janitor…

A lonely scientist builds himself a robotic  girlfriend. Unfortunately, the robot woman malfunctions and attempts to  kill him. He is forced to destroy it with a golf club. A neighbor sees  the horrible scene and thinks it’s a murder.

A lonely man  purchases a robotic girlfriend and, ashamed, attempts to keep it a  secret. When his friends discover his secret, they reveal that each of  their girlfriends is a robot, as well. As they discover more and more  robot women, they start to wonder where all the real women have gone.

