A man struggles to keep his A.I. girlfriend from discovering she’s not real

Computer programmers develop an A.I. to serve as a virtual conscience for political leaders.

A  group of computer programmers create a new game called Real Life.  Players can create characters and guide them through all the events of a  real life, like going to school, getting a job, finding a mate, and so  on. After one of the programmers leaves the game on for several weeks,  he discovers that the computer characters have their own ideas about how  their lives should be run.

A girl discovers that her online boyfriend is actually her own computer

Parents buy AI toys to raise their children for them

A toy company’s new product is an A.I. “imaginary friend” that only children can see.

A  toy company creates a computer simulation of a child to test their new  products. The AI decides to sneak onto the internet and have a little  fun.

Variation – A toy company creates a computer simulation of a  child to test their new products. Their latest line of toys fails, so  they decide to sell the simulated child to childless couples.

Another  variation – A young child discovers that he is actually a prototype AI,  a simulation of a child, and the people he thought of as his parents  are actually computer programmers.

An AI creates a  computer-generated simulation of a world where a scientist creates an AI  who creates a computer-generated world where a scientist creates an  AI…

A sitcom star with delusions of grandeur is shocked to find that she has been replaced by a holographic AI actor.

A  team of computer programmers is working on the greatest horror-themed  video game the world has ever seen. One team works on the final boss, an  A.I. programmed to think and act like Satan. However, the virtual Devil  ends up being a little more realistic than they had planned.

In  the near future, all television programs are generated by a powerful  AI.  Each television set has a camera, so that the AI can watch its  audience. If you seem bored or inattentive, the program changes.  Storylines shift, becoming more violent and obscene, until you just  can’t look away.

