 A depressed office secretary begins having strange dreams where  she is floating over the surface of a planet. She waves oceans into  existence, and creates mountains with a thought. She spends her days  trapped behind a desk, and at night, she is a goddess.

A writer  discovers an ancient quill pen alleged to have been used by a cult of  devil worshippers to write their unholy scriptures. When he begins to  write with the pen, he discovers that the pen has the ability to reshape  creation.

A powerful, ancient alien falls in love with a human  and, in an attempt to win her affections, creates a new universe, just  for her.

A homeless man sleeping in a subway car is awoken by a  police officer who tells him to leave. The homeless man refuses, and  tells the police officer that he should be nicer to him because he is  god. Of course, the police officer refuses to believe that a homeless  man created the universe. The homeless man offers to prove his claims by  creating another.

A small child is upset when he learns about  death and war. He prays to god, and god gives him the opportunity to  remake the universe.

A writer for a comic book series is  confronted by the super hero he created. The hero demands to know why he  has to fight a new enemy every week while the writer sits safely at  home. The hero takes the writer to the dark universe he created, so he  can see what its like to be in constant danger.

A young man is  convinced that his dreams foretell the future. However, the truth is far  stranger than he had imagined. In actuality, his dreams make the  future. The world of his dreams is escaping from his mind, and replacing  the world of reality. He must stay awake, or his subconscious will  remake the world.

Astronauts exploring deep space encounter a  race of gargantuan, impossibly ancient alien beings. The astronauts  study the aliens at a distance, and are soon faced with a horrible  truth: the aliens are a type of farmer. They created the universe… as a  food source.

