An inventor announces that he has discovered a source of free  energy: a battery that never runs out of power. A reporter investigating  his claims steals one of the batteries, taking it back to his home to  study. He finds that the battery contains a miniature universe, and the  power is drawn from the life source of the entities inside.

A  scientist develops a pocket universe and uses it to trap invaders from  Mars. As he captures the last of the Martians, he is trapped himself.  His distraught wife searches for a way to set him free without releasing  the aliens.

A scientist develops a shrinking device and reduces  himself to sub-microscopic size. He finds an entire universe in a drop  of liquid on the floor of his lab. When he returns to normal size, he  discovers that the miniscule galaxy is located in a single drop of his  own sweat.

Variation – A man develops a shrinking device and  has a series of adventures. Soon, he begins to wonder where his extra  mass goes when he shrinks. He discovers that the inner core of his  shrinking device contains a minute galaxy that serves as temporary  storage. He decides to risk his life by making himself small enough to  visit the new universe.

Another variation – A man develops a  shrinking device and has a series of adventures. Soon, he begins to  wonder where his extra mass goes when he shrinks. While shrunk, he  discovers that the inner core of his shrinking device contains a minute  galaxy that serves as temporary storage. If he returns to his original  size, the miniature universe will be drained of energy and destroyed,  ending trillions of lives.

In an attempt to study the Big Bang, a  group of scientists accidentally recreate it, on a microscopic scale.  When the microscopic universe begins to grow, the scientists are faced  with a choice: save their own universe, or destroy another?

A  magician performing at a child’s birthday party pulls a rabbit from his  black top hat, only to be greeted with boos and catcalls. He decides  that, if a rabbit can come from inside the hat, the children can take  its place.

A scientist working for a shipping company invents  “2D space,” a two-dimensional pocket universe where anything can be  stored without taking up any space in the real world. When he  accidentally falls into 2D space, he encounters an incomprehensible race  of two dimensional beings that, apparently, he brought to life.

Variation  – Attempting to design an escape-proof prison, a scientist invents “2D  space.” A group of prisoners on death row volunteer to be the first to  be incarcerated in 2D space, in exchange for their sentences being  reduced to forty years imprisonment. Soon, the prisoners discover that  2D space is not as empty as they were promised…

An ill woman  goes to the doctor and is told that she has a parasite. The parasite is  not a single organism; a miniature universe is growing inside of her and  drawing strength from her very body.

After a long day’s work,  an exterminator heads into his back yard to relax in the hammock. Hours  later, he wakes up covered in ants. The tiny bugs use their shrink ray  to bring him down into their ant hill, and the dark world just under our  feet.

A teenage boy discovers that he can access “blankspace,”  an entirely empty universe contained between the molecules of his own  body. With the ability to instantly transport anything to blankspace, he  decides to become the world’s greatest shoplifter.

A superhero  and his arch-enemy discover that their universe is actually a comic  book. As long as the comic book series runs, they will fight each other,  and neither side can have a decisive victory. The only way either side  can win is if they both escape into the real world.

A young  mother discovers a strange toy in her infant son’s crib. She asks her  husband, her mother, the babysitter, but no one admits to having bought  the toy. Just as she is about to give up on the mystery, it happens  again. She decides to set up a video camera at her son’s crib. When she  reviews the tapes later, she sees something absolutely horrifying: a  man’s hand appears from under her son’s blankets…

An alien  race is nearly destroyed by a dangerous, alien serial killer. They  decide to imprison him in a pocket universe. In case he ever finds his  way out, they decide to hide the pocket universe on an insignificant,  blue planet called Earth.

A geologist discovers a jewel  containing a pocket universe. Inside this gem, time stops. When his wife  is diagnosed with inoperable cancer, he is faced with a choice: watch  his wife die, and lose her forever, or place her in the gem, where she  will be frozen and immortal?

