During the Civil War, the South develops the jet pack

Gun powder was never invented, and World War II is fought with catapults and crossbows

While investigating the Roswell crash, a government agent is badly burned. He is taken back to Area 51, where the doctors realize he is in desperate need of skin grafts. Unfortunately, they do not have any skin available. That is, any human skin…

In the nineteenth century, a man discovers a way to combine the telegraph and punch card data storage into a kind of proto-internet. The technology rapidly progresses, leading to the rise of Victorian era hackers.

During the Civil War, a doctor and an engineer team up to create the world’s first cyborg, The Steam-Powered Man.

The Fastest Gun in the West owes his success to his robotic arm.

Variation – A failure of a gunfighter has been shot dozens of times. Each time he takes a bullet, he replaces part of his body with metal.

The Dark Ages become even darker when the earth is covered by the shadow of a floating city and giant birds made of steel.

A knight struggles to rescue his beloved maiden from a new type of wizard, an early mad scientist.

Stuck on Earth with no place to live, the surviving Roswell aliens attempt to get themselves declared a part of the Jicarilla Apache nation, so that they can move onto the reservation.

In 1901, President McKinley is shot. The first bullet is easily found and removed, but doctors are afraid that exploratory surgery to locate the second bullet might kill the president. Fortunately, they receive some assistance from an inventor with a strange machine…

Christopher Columbus gets caught in a hurricane and ends up discovering Antarctica.

In 19th century California, cowboys struggle with cattle thieves, stagecoach robbers, and the last of the dinosaurs.

Prohibition Era gangsters have a secret weapon on their side: a bootleg liquor-powered android.

In 1820, Russian explorers discover Antarctica. However, it is occupied. In order to claim the new continent for themselves, the Russian explorers decide to attack the Antarctic society with a top secret Russian weapon – the freeze ray.

A time traveler visits the Middle Ages and returns home, accidentally leaving behind a loaded revolver.

In 1945, the B-29 bomber Enola Gay heads for Japan. But before it reaches Hiroshima, the airplane encounters Japan’s latest weapon: a living dragon. Cloned from preserved eggs, the immense lizard guards the islands of Japan, burning anything in its path.

In 1945, the B-29 bomber Enola Gay heads for Japan. The airplane is loaded with America’s newest weapon: the time bomb, a device that can send entire cities 50 years into the future.

In 1945, the B-29 bomber Enola Gay heads for Japan. The airplane is loaded with America’s newest weapon: Steel Sam, a robot the size of the Chrysler building.

Martin Luther gets caught in a thunderstorm. Fearing for his life, he dedicates his life to god. However, he dies of pneumonia soon after and never sparks the Protestant Reformation. Centuries later, the Catholic Church controls the world.

At a jousting meet, a knight sneaks into his competitor’s tent. He discovers that his opponent’s armor does not contain a man, but a strange, steam-powered machine.

A team of archeologists discovers that the pharaoh tombs in the pyramids are just a decoy, and that the pyramids were actually built to hide the real secret, far below the sands of Egypt…

During the war in Vietnam, a dozen American POWs are visited by Vietnam’s greatest hypnotist. They are hypnotized and released, and return to America. Thirty years later, they must carry out their instructions…

On November 22, 1963, a team of scientists and doctors struggles to save the president’s life. They find that they could keep his brain alive if they put it in another body. The Secret Service begins the search for the perfect “donor.”

In 1963, John F. Kennedy is shot, but survives. At first, the country is told that the shooter simply missed his target. However, one man’s home video shows the truth: the bullets strike the President in the head, but simply bounce off.

A medieval scientist is hired by the king to be his court wizard. After the scientist invents the jetpack, the castle’s knights hold the first airborne jousting tournament.

A librarian discovers a strange book, A Complete History of the United States. All of the events are there, but the details are wrong. Confused, she turns to the last page of the book, which describes something called “the Omega Memory Editing Satellite.”

In eighteenth century Scotland, James Watt realizes that his developments in hydraulics and steam power could be combined with another invention developed years earlier: Leonardo Di Vinci’s tank.

