A failed businessman discovers a portal to an alternate dimension. This new dimension is filled with stores and products, but all the people are missing. He makes trip after trip, emptying a shopping mall and selling the salvaged goods. After making a pile of cash, he discovers what happened to all the missing people.

After a bad breakup, a teenager finds a way to reach into other dimensions, summoning alternate versions of his ex-girlfriend. Many of them are still in love with him, but there’s always something wrong.

A farmer hears his young daughter scream and finds that she has fallen down an abandoned well. Soon he discovers that the well was built over a doorway to another world. He is too large to climb down to rescue her, and strange beings are approaching…

When a family goes on a camping trip, their three young children wander off into the woods. The children encounter a UFO and are accidentally pulled into an alternate dimension. The children wander through portal after portal, searching for the way home.

A comic book writer is visited by a real-life superhero from another dimension, who believes that the writer’s stories are based upon him. He angrily corrects the writer on the details he had “gotten wrong.”

A new pet store offers bizarre animals from alternate dimensions.

A scientist visits an alternate dimension and discovers that everything is the same except, in that world, he is a she. The female version of the scientist is a much happier, more successful person. When the scientist returns to his home dimension, he wonders if he should make a big change in his life.

When the walls between parallel dimensions begin to break down, it becomes possible to simply walk from one world to the next.

After breaking a window, a young boy is grounded and sent to his room. The boy decides to run away from home, but he ends up running a little farther than he had intended.

A physicist builds a portal to parallel worlds but is afraid to test the new technology on himself. Days later, he discovers that someone has used the machine: an alternate version of himself. This doppelganger has been sleeping with his wife and spending time with his kids. The physicist discovers that his family likes the “new him” a little bit better than the original.

