After a head injury, a man has an unusual problem: every time he falls asleep, he wakes up ten years in the past.

A child discovers a time machine and uses it to get revenge on her abusive stepfather.

A hypnotist discovers that time is only in the mind, causality just a matter of perspective.

A young child builds a time machine and attempts to undo the fights and affairs that lead to his parents’ divorce.

A time traveler visits artists and musicians who died before their time, attempting to convince them to change their lives and avoid their tragic fates.

A man falls in love with a popular actress, and uses a time machine to visit her in the past. He tries to engineer major events in her past to bring the two of them together in the future.

An elderly scientist builds a time machine and accidentally ends up trapped sixty years in the past. He meets his teenage self, tells him what happened, and tries to convince him to not experiment with time travel.

Judges in the future send criminals to the present as punishment.

A dimwitted man uses a time machine for pointless things (watching old TV shows, returning to a night at the bar to get drunk again, etc).

A cult leader teaches his followers that, by obeying his teachings, they can be sent into the past and find salvation in the “beforelife.”

A Hollywood director attempts to use a time machine to change the films of the past.

A religious man tries to prove to the world that Jesus actually existed. He travels two thousand years in the past where encounters another time traveler, a woman trying to prevent the crucifixion.

Variation – A time traveler travels two thousand years in the past in an attempt to meet Jesus Christ. Villagers see him using futuristic gadgets and call him a miracle worker. Despite his protests, he draws a following, and soon he is the center of a competing religion.

In the future, genetic engineering creates the most beautiful humans ever born. One of them, an engineer with the body of a Greek god, invents a time machine. He visits the past and has romantic adventures with history’s most beautiful women, dramatically changing past events.

A wealthy, Southern businessman finances the development of a time machine. He travels back to the Civil War and gives the Confederacy modern weapons.

A woman is visited by a salesman offering a bizarre assortment of amazing technology. The salesman is from the distant future and does not realize that he has passed through a rip in time and traveled to the past.

An inventor builds a device that monitors the present for changes in the past due to time travelers.

A young boy obsessed with comic books meets the man who writes his favorite, Time Travel Adventures. The old man tells the boy a secret: all of the stories are true.

A time traveling hitman “erases” his victims by changing the past so that their parents never met.

A history professor discovers the means to travel through time. He projects himself into the past, taking part in major historical events and trying to earn his own place in the history books.

Terrorists build a device called a “time scoop.” It cannot be used to travel in time, only to bring things from the past to the present. They unleash a flood of pirates, Vikings, and dinosaurs on Washington, D.C.

A female college student gets a summer job assisting a scientist. Exploring the lab, she discovers a prototype time machine, accidentally sending herself to Victorian era England. With no way to return to the present, she tries to adjust to her new home. For her, the lack of technology isn’t nearly as big of a problem as Victorian ideas about “proper” female behavior.

When a time traveler jumps ten days into the future, he finds that no one remembers him. His house, his car, and any evidence that he ever lived is gone.

A suicidal time traveler visits his parents in the past and attempts to arrange things so they never meet. His father meets and marries a different woman, and they have a different child. When the time traveler returns to the present, he finds that he has become a very different man.

A scientist spends a decade in therapy, trying to overcome her troubled childhood. She develops a time machine and decides to visit the past. She kidnaps her infant self, vowing to be the loving mother that she never had.

Members of a popular musician’s fan club discover that he is a time traveler. Every time he needs a new hit, he steals it from the past. The musician travels into the past and kills the song’s original author before the song was written. He returns to the present and claims the song as his own. The fans find the original copies of the songs hidden away in his attic, written by musicians they never got a chance to hear: Elvis Presley, Jim Morrison, John Lennon…

After his grandfather dies, a man inherits a most unusual pocket watch. The watch has a button that allows the user to repeat the last hour, experiencing it again. Any time there is a major event in his life, the man repeats it hundreds of times to get it just right.

