 A rebellious nineteen-year-old refuses to get a job, so her scientist mother makes her too young to need one

A politician decides to clean up the homeless in his city by  kidnapping them, regressing them back to infancy, and then dropping them  off at the local orphanage.

Variation – Prospective parents,  worried that their future children won’t grow up to be good people (or  attractive people, or intelligent people) come to an unusual orphanage –  Perspective parents describe their ideal child and orphanage employees  look for an adult who matches. The adult is turned into a small child  and adopted.

Another variation – A thirty-year-old man is paid a  visit by the doctor who delivered him when he was born. The doctor  informs him that, as the man is a failure as an adult, he has to come  back to the hospital to be born again.

A boarding school has an unusual policy: fail your classes and you repeat a grade… and repeat a year of your life.

The  local media ignores strange rumors of vampires controlling their city  until the highschool hires a new principal and the seniors start looking  like senior citizens.

After a scientist invents a rejuvenation  pill, depressed and stressed adults return to their childhood to escape  the pressures of being an adult. Soon, there is a severe shortage of  parents.

A newlywed couple, unable to have children, visits a  fertility clinic. The doctor announces that there is a problem with the  husband’s sperm. Later, the doctor meets with the wife in private and  tells her that there may be a way to have the baby she always wanted.  Her husband is not too happy with her plan…

A new resort  becomes very popular with high-stress executives. They travel to a  tropical island where they can spend their two weeks vacation as a child

The CEO of Fluffy Diapers, Inc. decides that her company would make more money if babies didn’t grow up quite so fast…

Three  brothers have no memory of their childhoods. They discover that their  parents, wishing to avoid the troubles of raising infants, used chemical  treatments to “fast forward” them to their teen years.

In the  distant future, adults have grown to accept the totalitarian government,  and only the young are idealistic enough to revolt. If adults attempt a  rebellion, government soldiers regress them until they are too young to  cause any trouble.

A college student develops the ability to  control his age. Soon, he decides that he can escape the pressures of  academia by returning to his preschool years. His parents try to force  him to return to adulthood by throwing him out of the house, but he  threatens to call Child Protective Services and have them arrested. They  realize that he has the upper hand, and they may be forced to care for  him for decades to come.

After graduating college, a young man  wishes that he did not have to go to work. He gets his wish when he  loses consciousness and wakes up in a retirement home.

A  medical company approaches the government with a plan to eliminate  prisons. Instead of criminals being locked away in jail, they could  simply be regressed to childhood and re-raised. Unfortunately, even  five-year-olds can commit crimes…

An eight-year-old girl keeps  her favorite possessions in her tree house: her crayons, her tea set,  and her book of black magic. One weekend, the girl is left alone with a  babysitter. She uses her book of magic spells to regress her babysitter  into an infant and keeps her as her living baby “doll.”

The  government sends an age-changing spy to an orphanage to investigate  rumors of abuse. When she is suddenly adopted, she begins to wonder if  her adulthood has slipped away for good.

A scientist’s new job  at a secret government laboratory is incredibly stressful. To help her  relax, she uses the lab’s rejuvenation machine and spends her weekends  as a teenager. When her coworkers discover her little hobby, they decide  to make her too young to reach the controls.

A doctor cures his  wife’s cancer with a special rejuvenation drug, making her age in  reverse. Unfortunately, he can’t make her regression stop.

Variation  – A young mother is devastated when her teenage son develops cancer. A  doctor informs her that an experimental treatment may be able to save  his life – by reversing the aging process. After the treatments are  over, the mother decides that her son needs a babysitter. As his mind  was unaffected, he does not agree, especially since the only babysitter  in town is his ex-girlfriend.

Another variation – A brilliant  scientist is working on a cure for cancer. Strangely, her cure works by  reversing the aging process, taking the patients back to before the  cancer developed. Late one night, she comes home from work and finds her  teenage son selling drugs. She decides to take him to the lab and turn  him back to the sweet, little boy he used to be.

A  thirteen-year-old boy discovers that he used to be a thirty-year-old  man. After he committed a brutal murder, he was forced to choose between  the death penalty or taking part in an experimental program to reverse  the aging process. He was regressed to an infant and re-raised by new  parents, and now government agents watch him constantly, waiting to see  if he kills again.

A dozen astronauts are recruited to take part  in a top-secret government program. The government is building the  first spaceship designed to travel to distant planets. However, in order  to save money and resources, the astronauts will be shrunk. Smaller  people will eat less, breathe less, and take up less space. However, the  astronauts soon discover that they will not be “shrunk” so much as  “regressed”…

In the near future, new parents can avoid the  stress of diapers and midnight feedings. They can simply take their  infants to Timebender’s Daycare. In seven short days, troublesome  newborns are transformed into seven-year-old children.

In an effort to catch child molesters, the NYPD hires a team of shape-shifting adults to act as bait.

