A murderer is forced to replace his victim, to live the life she would have lived.

A  man desperately wants to move to the new colonies on Mars but,  unfortunately, the government has already filled the quota for male  volunteers. The man talks to a local scientist, who has a strange  solution to the problem.

A store in the middle of the Nevada desert offers an unusual service: instantaneous, reversible sex changes.

While  researching the human genome, a brilliant, female scientist discovers a  way to have the daughter she always wanted. Her son is not happy with  her plan.

After losing a bet, a teenage boy is forced to dress  as a girl for Halloween. He goes to a thrift store and finds a prom  dress that fits perfectly. The dress was owned by a young girl who died  before she got to go to prom. The girl’s ghost is shocked to find that  the dress is once again filled by a warm body. She decides that, one way  or another, she will go to the prom after all.

A man is dying  of a terminal disease. The doctors inform him that, since his brain is  healthy, it can be transplanted into a new body. All they have to do is  wait for a donor. Months later, a different patient dies of brain  cancer. The patient’s tissue and blood type is a match. Unfortunately,  the donor is a woman. The man must choose between death or giving up his  gender.

As part of an experimental government program,  students at a local highschool are forced to take a Gender Aptitude  Test. Anyone not scoring high enough in their own gender is reassigned,  wither they like it or not.

Medical researchers working for  plastic surgeons develop a virus that can alter DNA, transforming an  average woman into a perfect beauty. Unfortunately, the virus does not  die off as quickly as they thought, and the newly beautiful women infect  their mates.

As a joke, a young man fills out an application  for Miss Congeniality’s Charm School. When he is accepted, he decides to  continue the joke and shows up for the first day of class. To his  horror, he discovers that he will be made into a polite, young lady,  whether he likes it or not.

A lonely teenage boy is given a  magical ring that allows him to become a superhero whenever he puts it  on. Unfortunately for him, that superhero is Fantastic Girl.

In  the eighteenth century, one young woman longs to join the navy and see  the world. But, alas, only men may become sailors. She visits her uncle,  an early scientist, and explains her problem. After months of work, he  produces a potion which, he says, will turn her into a male for thirty  day. It works! She takes two dozen bottles of the potion and joins the  navy. Three weeks later, her ship strikes a rock and sinks. She and six  of the crew are the only survivors. They swim to a nearby island and  wait to be rescued. All the extra bottles are at the bottom of the sea.  Shuddering in fear, she realizes that, if she can’t recover the bottles,  she’ll be the only woman on an island full of sailors.

Variation  – In the eighteenth century, one young woman longs to join the navy and  see the world. But, alas, only men may become sailors. She visits her  uncle, an early scientist, and explains her problem. After months of  work, he builds a machine which he uses to transform her into a male.  After several years at sea, she returns to her uncle’s house so she can  be restored, but he has passed away and his equipment has been sold. She  searches the city for his machine knowing that, if she can’t find it,  she will be stuck as a man forever.

Another variation – For  generations, all the males in the Smith family have bean sailors. John  Smith refuses to join the navy, so his father beats him. The day before  his eighteenth birthday, John Smith knows he must do something drastic  to avoid being sent out to sea. He visits his uncle, an early scientist,  who has the solution: a potion which will turn him into a woman.

While  searching the internet for information on “mail order brides,” a man  comes across an unusual website. Unfortunately, the website is based  overseas, and the English translation is very poor. The website asks  “Alone in your house? You wish a woman be coming? Select a picture, and  you see her face soon.” After placing his order, he does see a new  face… in his bathroom mirror.

