After angering a local witchdoctor, an anthropologist’s body  slowly turns to cloth. He must find a cure before he becomes a living  doll.

A lonely man falls in love with a department store  mannequin, and comes to visit “her” every day. When a male mannequin  appears next to her in the store window, the man searches for a way to  take his place.

A woman, obsessed with holographic movies, becomes just  like her favorite stars: an intangible projection, a beauty made of  light.

A homeless man falls asleep in the city park. Waking up  the next morning, he finds that his feet are stuck to the ground. He has  sprouted roots. Examining his feet, he finds that his ankles are  covered in bark. Slowly, painfully, he transforms.

An astronaut  visiting an alien world contracts a disease that destroys his skin. The  alien doctors decide to replace his skin with steel.

A  beautiful surfer is attacked by sharks and her legs are torn from her  body. Bleeding in the water, she is rescued by dolphins, who take her to  their secret city at the bottom of the sea. The dolphins explain that  their surgeons can save her life, but they can’t replace her legs. The  surfer is faced with a choice: return to dry land as a disabled woman or  be surgically transformed into a mermaid.

A young woman takes a  job at Hades’ Ladies, a strange strip club where the performers paint  their skin red and wear horns and fake tails. After her first night on  the job, she finds that some costumes are impossible to remove…

During  the gold rush in 1849, a greedy prospector discovers an ancient book on  alchemy that describes how to make a chemical mixture that can turn  anything into gold. After spilling the potion on himself, the  gold-skinned man is hunted by every prospector in California.

Four  college students rent a large house together. The house, having been  built in the 1950’s, has very old-fashioned ideas about who should live  inside of it. It wants a traditional nuclear family. Soon, the four  students find themselves going through some very strange changes.

A strange cult grows in popularity: the Mannequinists. Their slogan: “Stillness is bliss!”

A  scientist offers his new lab assistant the opportunity to be  transformed into a superhero called “Granite Man.” He accepts, and  begins learning to use his newfound powers. Unfortunately, he soon  discovers that there have been dozens of “Granite Men” before him, and  each incarnation of the superhero has been killed… on their first day  in the field… by the same villain.

In a bizarre accident, a  trenchcoat-wearing “flasher” is transformed into an incorporeal  hologram. He can flash anyone, and the police are unable to stop him.

