They take the human back to their planet for testing – they want to  discover how much pleasure a human can endure before going insane

They give him to their kids, who play with him like a doll

The aliens attempt to torture him psychologically, but they know almost nothing about human psychology.

They turn him into a living bomb.

They offer him a deal: if  he will help them conquer the earth, they will alter his body, making  him the world’s greatest athlete.

The human is a serial killer, and brutally murders the aliens.

They force him to be part of their breeding program, but they think he’s a girl

The human is a cult leader, and he converts the aliens to his bizarre “religion.”

The man discovers that his wife sold him to the aliens, in exchange for her own spacecraft.

Aliens  abduct humans in groups of six. The six are told that they will return  five of them to earth if one will volunteer to stay.

The human introduces the aliens to an old human pastime: gambling

The aliens switch the human’s brain with that of his dog’s.

The human is mentally ill, and speaks only in gibberish. The aliens struggle to communicate with him.

After the aliens abduct a human, they are immediately abducted by larger, more advanced aliens.

The  aliens disassemble the human, and place his brain and eyes in a jar.  The human’s brain watches as the aliens try to put his body back the way  it was.

A disabled man is abducted by aliens. The aliens have  achieved near mortality through cybernetics. Their bodies have been  replaced with metal and wires. Only their brains remain flesh and blood.  The aliens offer the man a choice: He can stay as he is, damaged but  human, or be given a healthy, mechanical body that looks more machine  than man.

A computer programmer spends all day, every day,  alone in his tiny apartment. He works from home and orders food online,  almost never leaving his chair. One night, a fire forces him to leave  the building. As soon as he steps outside, he is abducted by aliens. The  aliens take him to their zoo, where he will be held captive in an exact  duplicate of his apartment. For the first time in his life, he misses  the outside world.

Aliens abduct a woman, explaining that they  are researchers looking for the cure to baldness. They perform some  experiments on her and return her to earth. The woman goes home,  wondering if anyone will believe her story. She goes to sleep and, the  next morning, her hair has grown by twenty feet. Amazed, she realizes  she can actually see her hair growing. Cutting it just makes it grow  back faster and thicker.

