But it’s the year 3,000 and our technology is far superior to theirs.

The aliens are alcoholics and are here to steal earth’s beer.

They land in the ocean and conquer the dolphins.

Aliens visit the earth, and the first person they encounter is a six-year-old  girl. Due to a strange quirk of their culture, they decide that the girl  is the rightful ruler of the world. After a brief war with earth’s  armies, the girl is put into power.

The aliens are made of water vapor, and humans don’t know they’ve been invaded

The aliens are actually the government scaring people into obedience by faking an invasion

The alien ships are only an inch long. They are captured by small children like fireflies.

The aliens are made of chocolate and eaten by children.

The aliens take over, make people their pets, and nobody has to work again.

The aliens look like the Statue of Liberty; they see the Statue of Liberty and assume earth is already conquered.

Instead of killing humans, the aliens regress them mentally to infancy, re-raising them as part of their alien culture.

The  aliens’ chief weapon, deadly to their species, does not have the same  affect on humans – methane gas, water, bacon bombs, etc.

The  aliens look an awful lot like the demons described in Revelation, and  they say they were paid to attack earth by an entity called “God”.

Instead of using violence, the aliens focus on psychologically torturing earthlings.

The aliens look exactly like cell phones, and can imitate anyone’s voice

The aliens encounter a mentally ill homeless man who informs them that he owns the earth, and he is looking to sell.

The aliens have no weapons so, instead of outright war, they seed earth with the universe’s most deadly plant life.

The  aliens have little in the way of weapons, so instead they take control  of the earth’s telecommunications network in an attempt to make humanity  too bored to fight back. Every radio, TV, computer, and cell phone  broadcasts Mind-Numbing Entertainment 24 hours a day. Earth is left with  nothing to watch but paint drying, grass growing, and aliens debating  fiscal reform legislation.

The alien invaders easily defeat  earth’s military forces. The aliens send a message to the President of  the United States:  “We are here for Larry Foote. Bring Larry to us, or  we will destroy the earth.” The President’s response: “Who the hell is  he?” Only Larry knows why an entire planet wants him dead.

The aliens want to conquer earth for what they consider its most valuable resource: Hollywood.

Variation – Aliens invade the earth, but are distracted from their mission when they are offered a movie deal.

The  aliens look exactly like earth’s kittens, and the military is unable to  kill any of them without losing popular support for the war. The  adorable invaders struggle to have their threats of violence taken  seriously.

Variation – The aliens look just like adorable five-year-olds, and their most dangerous weapon looks strangely like an  earth lollypop.

The aliens destroy earth’s defenses, and then  send alien foot soldiers to kill the survivors. The aliens evolved in  dark caves and, thus, are completely blind. To avoid capture, the human  survivors must be perfectly quiet.

The aliens don’t have any weapons, but they have billions and billions of lawyers.

When  the earth is attacked by alien slave traders, one man has a plan to  save the world: convince the aliens that humans would be worthless as  slaves. (Because they’re too lazy, too dishonest, too violent, too  sexually perverse…)

The aliens are sentient bushes, and they  want to punish humanity for their cruelty to earth’s plant life: mowing  lawns, pruning hedges, and plucking fruit from trees.

The aliens  defeat the earth and begin breaking the planet into pieces. Each piece  is teleported aboard a gigantic spaceship and flown away. Finally, only a  tiny asteroid with a few hundred survivors is left. The earth’s last  scientist announces that he has a plan to save what’s left of the world.

The  aliens have little in the way of weapons, and they use their billions  of soldiers as cannon fodder, attempting to defeat earth’s soldiers  through sheer exhaustion.

Aliens contact the leaders of Earth  and challenge them to a race to Alpha Centauri. If humanity wins, the  aliens will give Earth the cure for all diseases. If humanity loses, the  planet will be destroyed. Unfortunately, it’s 1969, and the aliens  won’t take “no” for an answer.

Aliens head for Earth, intent on  destroying humanity. To get there, they must travel through a long,  starless section of the universe known as “blankspace.” By the time they  pass through blankspace, they have completely lost their minds.

Aliens  with psychic weapons are attacking the Earth. A scientist informs the  President that he can make Earth’s soldiers immune to the attacks – by  dramatically lowering their IQ’s.

