 A homeless man discovers an alien vending machine, and uses it to  buy a jet pack, a ray gun, and other futuristic technology. At the end  of the month, the aliens come to collect the bill…

Amateur  spelunkers exploring a series of caves discover a collection of ancient,  alien religious texts. At first, they laugh at the aliens’ strange  beliefs. But the writings contain predictions of events on earth,  beginning with them being discovered by a group of amateur spelunkers…

Aliens  visit an unlucky musician and give him an otherworldly instrument. Its  haunting music can enrapture a crowd or drive them insane.

After  a woman discovers tiny “crop circles” in her shag carpeting, she begins  to suspect that her home is being visited by teeny, tiny aliens.

Aliens  visiting earth accidentally leave behind an Entertainment Sphere, a  device capable of projecting movies directly into the user’s brain. A  teenager discovers the Sphere but, unfortunately, can’t figure out how  to turn it off.

The Air Force discovers a wrecked alien  spacecraft floating adrift near the moons of Jupiter. The pilots are  long dead, but the ship’s cargo hold is filled with life, what appears  to be a shipment to an alien pet store.

Aliens visit the earth  to test a kind of “bug zapper.” The machine uses lights and sounds to  entice humans into touching it. Anyone who does is instantly  disintegrated.

A group of women at a nightclub discovers an  alien sex toy. When the rightful owner returns, the women must make a  decision: hand over the toy, or risk earth being invaded by alien sex  fiends.

A child discovers her parents are actually androids.  She is living in an alien zoo, and being raised by robot “parents” until  she is old enough to be released back into the “wild” – earth.

Archeologists  investigating the history of an alien planet discover fossilized  aliens. Strangely, it appears that the extinct aliens looked a lot like  humanity’s idea of angels.

As construction workers dig the  foundation of a new skyscraper, they accidentally activate an alien  machine: the Brain Drain, a device designed to keep any planet from  having life intelligent enough to become a threat. As humans become  dumber and dumber, they try to find a way to destroy it and save the  world.

A group of archeologists discovers a hidden pyramid in  South America. Inside, they find a stone tablet documenting a visit from  aliens thousands of years ago. The aliens collected DNA from every  species on earth, just in case any went extinct. Somewhere in the  pyramid is the key to restoring all of the species that had ever been  lost.

A young priest discovers that the Vatican has been hiding the Life Source, a device that was used by aliens to create humanity.

A  man purchases a new satellite dish, and tinkers with it to make it more  powerful. He goes inside and discovers a host of new channels. One of  the channels, strangely enough, shows his own life. After some research,  he finds that the signal is coming from the Crab Nebula.

A  team of astronauts traveling to Mars discover that they are being  monitored. Thousands of years ago, an alien race decided that humans  weren’t dangerous, as long as they couldn’t reach other planets. But, if  humanity ever did, they wanted an advance warning.

Newlyweds in  Albuquerque, New Mexico decide to honeymoon in the tiny town of  Roswell. Their hotel is an unusual place, run by tiny men with large,  bald heads. The newlyweds discover that the television in their hotel  room can transform viewers into whatever is on the screen, but only  until the program is over.

Astronauts discover blueprints for an  alien machine called “The Joy Box.” According to the blueprints, the  device has the ability to make anyone blissfully happy. However, the  aliens have very different ideas about what “happiness” really is.

