A small group of college professors takes control of the earth after  they discover how to control the one thing everyone needs: gravity.  They appear on television and announce that “Gravity is now twenty  dollars a day. Pay up, or float off into space!”

When a new cult  is able to summon UFOs, the earth’s governments are terrified into  surrendering. However, a religious skeptic discovers that the UFOs are  not what they seem.

The earth is bathed in cosmic radiation,  giving a small number of people psychic abilities. The gifted few band  together to conquer the world. Decades later, a highschool janitor  discovers that he is immune to telepathy, and the rebellion begins.

The  worldwide government legislates that any babies born will be removed  from their parents and sent to a gigantic city called The Nursery.  There, the children will be force-fed propaganda in the guise of  education, and taught to love the government and be good, unquestioning  taxpayers.

A group of teenagers discovers that the government is using hypnosis to convince citizens that they are paying taxes willingly.

In  the near future, the government watches all its citizens with  omnipresent security cameras. A handful of people working in a  television studio discover that they can use their equipment to control  the security cameras, making the government see whatever they want it to  see.

At birth, each human is assigned a robot called a  Guardian. Each human is followed by a Guardian, twenty-four hours a day,  for their entire lives. Guardians give advice, solve problems, and  protect their humans from danger. Guardians constantly remind their  humans that the government is good, kind, and necessary. Guardians also  remind their humans of the rules, and the punishment for breaking them.

Worldwide  Entertainment Monitoring offers an unusual service: anyone with an  account is watched 24/7. WEM tracks the music they listen to, the books  they read, the movies they watch, the food they eat, and more. This  information is used to give users recommendations on books, music, and  movies that they will probably enjoy. Also, they can use the service to  find users with similar tastes, who will make excellent friends or  romantic partners. Unbeknownst to them, the government also keeps track  of the data, using it to predict crimes. If you read the same books as a  murderer, you are considered “suspicious”, and immediately arrested.

In  order to keep the population under control, the government gives away a  drug called “Bliss.” As the name implies, the drug keeps everyone  perfectly happy and content, virtually eliminating political unrest. It  also lowers their lifespan, insuring that the planet never gets too  crowded. When some people are reluctant to take the pills, the  government simply dumps the drug into the water supply. A small group of  rebels must search for uncontaminated water, so they can be  clear-headed enough to challenge the government.

