Robotic technology becomes cheap enough that, worldwide, everyone  can quit their jobs. Robotic valets take over the mundane chores of  life, like cooking, cleaning, even basic hygiene. Generations later, a  change in the earth’s magnetic field renders all of humanity’s  technology useless. People have to relearn how to do the most basic  things for themselves.

As robotic technology develops, more and  more humans drop out of the workforce, having no need to work. The  politicians watching these developments realize that, if people don’t  have to spend most of their time and energy working, they will begin to  question the need for a government. A government hoax creates millions  of new jobs, jobs that only humans can fill.

A powerful  advertising company announces that it is building its own city. Fifty  thousand people move in and are given free food and housing, as long as  they watch commercials on television. However, the advertising quickly  moves from television to the real world, and become more and more  intrusive, gradually increasing to the level of psychological torture.

Earth’s  newest immigrants are a group of aliens called the Givers. The aliens  live to serve, and anyone under their care is given food, shelter and  clothing, all for free. Soon no one works, and everyone on earth is  completely dependant on the Givers. The Givers begin to attach rules to  their service: no staying out late, no drinking or smoking, no  overeating, no reading, no criticizing the Givers… As the Givers  become increasingly strict, earth becomes one giant prison.

In  a distant future, robots have taken over all manual labor. The only  thing humans have left to do is create literature, music and art. Years  later, to the horror of the world’s artistic community, a computer  programmer develops an A.I. that can write poetry.

A  pharmaceutical company develops cures for all sexually transmitted  diseases and completely effective birth control. The earth rejoices to  be free from sexual restraint. As sleeping with a stranger becomes  common, so do serial killers.

Crime is finally eliminated  through the simple procedure of broadcasting everyone’s lives on  national television, 24 hours a day.

