To save room on the generation ship, the original population of the  ship is all women, with children to be produced by artificial  insemination. The first “in-space” generation grows up in a society  controlled by women.

Variation – To save space on the generation ship, all the original  passengers are female. All the children are produced by artificial  insemination, all from female embryos. After one hundred generations of  only females, the ship arrives on the new planet, and the first males  can be born.

The passengers on a generation ship begin to doubt the new planet  will ever be reached, and decide bringing new children into the  situation would be cruel. The soldiers running the ship decide that, if  the passengers won’t reproduce by choice, they will have to be forced.

An elderly man on a generation ship is convinced that the pilot  computer is lying, and that the ship was not actually built, but created  by God. He preaches his new religion and, slowly, he gathers followers.

The government is unable to convince any passengers to board the  generation ship, as they know the first generation will die long before  they reach the new world. So, the government decides to take their cues  from England and fill the generation ship with prisoners.

On board a generation ship, all of the work is done by robots and  other machines. When the ship finally arrives on the new world, the  would-be pioneers have a thousand-year tradition of laziness and  selfishness.

In order to convince passengers to board the generation ship, ready  to reproduce, the government runs a series of ads featuring gorgeous  models of both sexes. The ship launches into space, and the passengers  discover that they were lied to. They will have to mate with “ordinary”  people.

The passengers on a generation ship begin reproducing too rapidly,  and risk using up all of their resources. They come up with a violent  solution to population control: The Games. Once a year, ten passengers  are selected by lottery, and forced to fight to the death for the  amusement of the others.

Because of limited space on the ship, the captain must control  breeding, and make sure reproduction stays at a specific rate. After the  population starts to grow too fast, the captain starts throwing  passengers out of the air lock.

A generation ship is sent into space with several androids to do  occasional repairs. One android is smarter than the others. After  several centuries, the android convinces the new generation of  passengers that it is God.

An elderly man on a generation ship discovers that the ship was not  created by humans, as they have believed for centuries. The ship was  created by a mysterious alien race. The old man struggles to discover  exactly what the aliens have planned for the thousands of passengers.

Due to cosmic radiation, the passengers on the generation ship  evolve faster than normal. By the time their descendants reach the new  planet, they are something other than human.

Due to limited space, the ship’s officers must control breeding,  making sure reproduction stays at acceptable levels. The ship is divided  into two giant sections, Men’s and Women’s, with any “trespassers”  being killed.

Earth builds an enormous generation ship, designed to last for eons.  The ship is launched and floats through endless space. After thousands  of generations, the ship reaches the End of the Universe. The millions  of passengers fight to deal with what they find there.

The passengers on a generation ship begin running out of food, and  there is no earth-like planet in sight. They come across an alien  generation ship. The aliens have food, but nothing humans can eat.  However, the aliens themselves look quite delicious…

To save space on a generation ship, the first generation of  passengers has their DNA altered so that their children will never grow  larger than two feet tall. After the generation ship finally arrives on  the new world, they discover that they were beaten to the planet by  another ship. The tiny astronauts struggle to begin their society on a  new world filled with humans three times their size.

On board a generation ship, cosmic radiation kills all of the  adults, leaving only children under thirteen. The children hold a  contest to select the ship’s new leaders.

Variation – After radiation kills all of the adults, the children on  a generation ship form two opposing factions: girls vs. boys.

A company designs a generation ship to be sent to a distant  planet, but has trouble attracting passengers, as they know they would  die in space and only their ancestors would reach the new world. The  company announces that all mates will be selected by lottery. The ship  is soon filled with passengers, all hoping they will “win” an ideal  mate.

The passengers on a generation ship realize that they will die long  before they reach the new world, so they decide to reproduce via  cloning. Each new generation of passengers will be genetically identical  to the first.

A generation ship is heading for an empty, earth-like planet upon  which a new human society can be built. After a rebellion results in  half the population leaving for an occupied alien world, the soldiers  running the ship decide that they have to do whatever necessary to keep  the next generation of passengers on the ship. The next generation of  children is never told that they are on a ship at all.

The earth sends a generation ship into space to look for a new,  earth-like planet on which to settle. Decades later, the grandchildren  of the original colonists are angry that they were forced to be born in  space, never to set foot on a real world. They turn the ship around,  pointing it back at the earth. Somehow, they will have their revenge.

