 An alien government decides to explore space with self-replicating  robot probes. The probes are designed to find planets and collect raw  materials to make duplicates of themselves. A thousand years later, they  have evolved into a swarm of interplanetary “locusts,” devouring entire  worlds.

An alien government builds robot probes to explore space for them,  and find planets without intelligent life that they can colonize. A  small child, playing in the park, meets a robot probe. He has to prove  that humans are intelligent, or the earth will be overwhelmed by alien  invaders. Too bad his parents are idiots…

Earth scientists send a robotic probe to explore the surface of a  distant planet and to return to Earth with a collection of soil, water,  and plant samples. Unbeknownst to the scientists, the planet is an alien  prison. A number of the prisoners find the probe and decide to use it  to escape.

Earth sends out robotic probes to explore the universe, and look for  earth-like planets for future colonies. A robot probe finds a good  planet, but the inhabitants are intelligent. The robot probe launches a  software program, Propaganda 2.0.

Humans decide to send a robot probe into space, to search for  friendly aliens. The scientists decide that they need a “representative  sample” of human culture. Musicians and artists fight over who will have  their work carried to the stars.

An alien probe lands on the earth and begins to duplicate itself. It  craws into a young man’s garage, and he has to convince it not to use  his sports car for raw materials.

Earth builds a fleet of robotic probes to search for distant  planets. It is decided that the probes would do a much better job of  searching if, rather than being controlled by computers, they were  controlled by human brains.

An alien race sends out a robotic probe to explore the universe. A  probe lands on earth, and is discovered by a young boy. The boy has been  told by his parents that he cannot have a dog, so instead he decides to  take the probe home as a pet.

After the earth discovers a lifeless planet with rich mineral  resources, the astronauts must go to great lengths to hide it from alien  robot probes. Simply destroying the probes won’t do, as that would  alert the aliens to the existence of something worth protecting.

A distant alien race sends robotic probes to earth with a simple message: our planet needs men!

An alien race, nearing extinction, sends out a fleet of robot  probes. Each probe has in its memory the digitalized consciousness and  memories of billions of aliens. When the probe lands on earth, it begins  reprogramming humans with the data from the aliens’ minds.

Variation – An alien race, nearing extinction, decides to preserve  the scientific knowledge and art of every race in the universe. It sends  out a fleet of robot probes to collect the information. Unfortunately,  the probes collect the information by removing brain tissue. When the  probes land on earth, they systematically lobotomize everyone they see.

Earth sends out robotic probes to explore the universe and, if they  find an earth-like planet, to report back to earth. An alien hacker  encounters one of the probes and reprograms it.

