Earth sends a robotic probe full of embryos to a distant planet. The  robots on the probe bring the embryos to maturity, but burn out soon  afterwards. Without any robots to manufacture things or to teach them  about technology, the humans end up in a new Stone Age.

The governments of the world are convinced that the earth’s  population may eventually be destroyed by war. To save the human race  from extinction, they seed a nearby planet with an embryo probe. The  predicted war never comes. However, centuries later, the earth is  invaded by aliens, and the surviving population flees to the seeded  planet. The planet’s human population does not welcome the earthlings,  and attempts to keep them from settling on their world.

Variation – Decades after the earth seeds a new planet with embryo  probes, the new planet begins to run out of natural resources. When  earth’s skies fill up with spaceships, the governments of the world are  shocked to discover that they are being invaded by other humans.

A mad scientist creates thousands of embryos from his own DNA, and  sends them in space on board a robotic probe. Planets all through the  galaxy are seeded with his clones.

An astronaut comes to another planet, years after it had been  “seeded” by an embryo probe from earth. He discovers that one of the  embryos, now a grown woman, was created from his ex-wife’s DNA. (And  thus, is a clone.) He begins to wonder if he has a second chance with  love.

The government begins a program to select the best colonists for a  new world. Scientific geniuses, athletes, and artists from all over the  world apply. However, they won’t actually be going… Their DNA will be  used to create a cloned embryo, and this duplicate of them will be used  to “seed” the new planet.

The government begins a program to select the best colonists for a  new world. Their DNA will be used to create cloned embryos to seed the  new planet. A janitor at NASA, resentful that “inferior” people are  excluded from the project, vows to break into the laboratory and fill  the probe with his own DNA.

Aliens send an embryo probe to the earth and, like the stork, it delivers alien babies to grateful couples.

An alien embryo probe comes to the earth but, as it is not equipped with an artificial womb, it must seek out human females.

Variation – Aliens send embryo probes to the earth as the precursor  to a full-scale invasion. Earth’s governments warn their citizens of the  dangerous, alien machines. However, the aliens offer bribes to any  human female willing to be impregnated.

Wanting to be the first to lay claim to a world outside our solar  system, earth’s corporations send embryo probes to seed the stars with  pioneers. The infants who are born on these new worlds are cared for by  machines, who raise them to be perfect, submissive employees, treating  their corporate masters as if they were gods.

Earth sends a fleet of embryo probes to “seed” a distant world.  Along with the probes, earth sends a ship full of android teachers. The  androids are supposed to care for and educate the humans until they are  old enough to run the new world themselves. Unfortunately, due to a  technical glitch, the androids are stuck in “babysitter” mode. Twenty  years later, after the invention of a faster-than-light engine, a ship  full of astronauts arrives. They discover an entire planet full of  spoiled, toddler-like adults.

The earth is deluged with alien embryo probes, and the government  creates a new office of exterminators to hunt down the probes and infant  aliens and destroy them before a new culture can take hold on the  earth.

Colonists land on a new planet and discover that it is full of human  children. They discover that the government had secretly seeded the  planet with an embryo probe, and now there are hundreds of children  without parents.

The earth is invaded by alien embryo probes. The probes send out  millions of airborne “spores.” Any woman who breathes them in becomes  pregnant with an extraterrestrial child.

