A sleep tube malfunctions, leaving one man awake, to spend the rest  of his life alone on the ship, surrounded by his frozen “sleeping”  friends.

The ship’s computer malfunctions, and begins beaming TV signals  directly into the heads of the frozen passengers. When they finally  reach the new planet, they are more than a little warped by the  experience.

Earth’s governments deal with overcrowded prisons by cryonically  freezing the prisoners and loading them onto spaceships. The ships are  designed to drift forever in deep space. However, one of the ships is  knocked off course by a meteorite and crashes onto a distant, alien  world…

A spaceship sets out for a ten-year journey to a new planet. Do to a  technical glitch, some of the passengers are brought out of suspended  animation almost as soon as the ship launches. A young couple awake on a  new planet to find that their children have grown up while they slept.

A teenage girl, a telepath, boards a ship for the stars. While in  suspended animation, she remains conscious. She explores the other  passenger’s minds, toying with their dreams, stealing their knowledge,  and making psychic mischief.

A sleeper ship makes the months-long journey to the new colonies on  Mars. When the ship arrives and the passengers awaken, a woman discovers  that she is pregnant. Somehow she became pregnant on a ship where all  the passengers were asleep.

A depressed woman boards a spaceship where she will be placed into a  state of sleeplike suspended animation until the end of the trip.  However, she isn’t sure she’ll ever want to wake up.

A sleeper ship is struck by an asteroid, destroying the ship and  killing most of the passengers.  A few sleeper tubes survive, floating  through space, eventually crashing on a distant, alien world.

A man and his wife board a spaceship for a long journey.  They  arrive, years later, on a new planet. The man is revived and told that  his wife apparently had cancer and didn’t tell him. If they bring her  out of suspended animation, she will die.

A young couple and their newborn daughter board a sleeper ship,  where they will be placed in suspended animation for a twenty-one year  journey to a new planet. Their daughter, although in suspended  animation, remains conscious. Her mind connects telepathically to the  ship’s computers, and she begins to learn.

An alien sleeper ship lands on earth but, due to a malfunction, the  aliens are never taken out of suspended animation. The government must  decide wither to take the chance and thaw them out.

A handful of scientists on a sleeper ship must stay conscious to  monitor the passengers. One of the scientists begins to fantasize about a  beautiful, young passenger.

A team of astronauts heads to a distant planet on board a sleeper  ship. The ship crashes, and the only survivor is the young, female ship  captain. Her sleeper tube shuts off, and she awakens in the middle of a  large, beautifully decorated building. Examining her surroundings, she  discovers that, for hundreds of years, she has been on exhibit in an  alien museum. Soon, the aliens find their planet’s most beloved “work of  art” is alive.

A group of astronauts are sent on a sleeper ship to several new  planets. As each planet is reached, some of the passengers are awakened  and sent to the surface in shuttle craft. The ship passes the last  planet and, unfortunately, one passenger is left on board. He awakens to  discover that he is alone on an immense spaceship headed for nowhere.

Astronauts visiting another planet return to earth on board a  sleeper ship. When they awaken on earth, they discover that they have  been asleep much longer than they thought. The humans on earth have  evolved dramatically, and to them, the astronauts are like cavemen.

Variation – Astronauts visiting another planet return to earth on  board a generation ship. When they awaken on earth, they discover that  they have been asleep much longer than they thought. The earth has gone  through several global wars, destroying virtually all technology. The  astronauts, with their seemingly miraculous technology, are greeted as  gods.

