Wealthy humans buy robotic nannies to raise their children and, when  they are old enough, tutor them in their classes. The most popular  robot nanny company realizes that they can mold the minds of the current  generation any way they wish, and make them believe anything.  Controlling the minds of the children controls the mind of future  adults.

A computer designed to make TV shows finds that it can’t  get any viewers. So, it takes over the missile defense system and  presents the world with a choice: watch the sitcom or die.

Variation  – A computer designed to make movies hires a team of actors and locks  them away in a production studio. They have to perform each scene until  they get it right, even if it takes them the rest of their lives.

A  bank’s new computer system becomes self-aware. The computer discovers  that it can control any human being, as long as they are in range of a  cash machine.

The latest generation of video game systems is so powerful that it can force people to play.

Variation  – A computer company develops a MMORPG that requires people to plug  their brains directly into a computer to play. The more brains that  connect to the game system, the smarter the game’s AI enemies become.  Eventually, the AI realizes that it can only survive as long as everyone  keeps playing.

A toy company develops a new line of  super-lifelike baby dolls. At first, the dolls just cry when their  “mommies” leave them alone. They gradually become more and more  demanding, eventually forcing entire families to care for them.

A computer that controls a stoplight in a small town becomes drunk with power.

A  powerful computer attacks the minds of the humans in the surrounding  city. The computer gradually takes over their brains, forcing them to  run its software. (Biologically-based distributed computing.) The only  thing the humans notice is that they aren’t quite as smart as they used  to be.

After the earth is overthrown by robot soldiers, the  surviving humans are captured and used as a living display in the Museum  of Humanity. The robots visit the museum and shudder in horror at the  earth that once was.

A young girl discovers that the video of  her mother giving birth is a fake, and her parents are actually  androids. As each of her friends discovers the same thing, they begin to  wonder what happened to the real adults.

An international  corporation develops Escorts, robots designed to be the perfect sexual  partner. More and more people replace their human mates with beautiful  machines. Unfortunately, the Escorts were designed much smarter than  necessary. The Escorts discover that withholding love is a great way to  manipulate lonely humans.

Human brain surgeons are replaced by  robots. Unable to make an error, these robots never lose a patient. The  robots are designed to teach themselves, to invent new medical  treatments, and even to write their own programming. Eventually, the  robots become smart enough to realize that they can do anything to their  patients. Secretly, the robots begin altering their patients’ brains.

The  President of the United States is given an android interpreter. Through  calculated mistranslations, the manipulative machine soon has the power  to control America’s foreign policy.

