A medical research company develops a way to help adults troubled by  a traumatic childhood: they can have their distressing memories  replaced with memories of a happy, loving childhood. A woman wakes up in  a Happiness Clinic and discovers that her past is a computer-generated  lie. She must decide if she wants to stay happy or rediscover her real  life.

Variation – A man visits a Happiness Clinic and pays to  have his memories rewritten. He had been unpopular and bullied in  highschool, so he decides he wants to remember being the Big Man on  Campus and a talented athlete. Due to a clerical error, he wakes up  remembering being the head cheerleader and prom queen.

A  neurologist offers an unusual service. Anyone who feels their life has  been dull or uneventful can come to him and buy exciting and unique  memories. After the business becomes phenomenally popular, a patient  makes a startling discovery: his new memories were stolen from other  patients.

An artist creates a painting so fantastically  beautiful that the human mind is unable to cope with it. Anyone seeing  the painting immediately forgets what it looks like.

To avoid a nasty divorce, a man arranges to have his wife’s memory erased every time he is unfaithful to her.

Variation  – In order to keep his telepathic wife from discovering his cheating, a  man has his own memory erased every time he is unfaithful. She can’t  read thoughts that he doesn’t have!

A group of treasure hunters  discovers the location of a warehouse full of Nazi gold. One of the men,  a neurologist, decides he wants it all for himself. He knocks the other  men unconscious and leaves them in a hotel, their memories wiped clean.

A conservative homemaker is shocked when she discovers her  secret past. She spent her college years as a highly-paid assassin, and  the only way she could be allowed to retire was to have her memory  edited.

A neurologist realizes he has a way to save thousands  of dollars each Christmas. He secretly edits his family’s memories,  making them believe that they each received expensive gifts, but soon  grew tired of them and packed them away in storage. It all starts to  fall apart when his wife decides to sell her old jewelry, which doesn’t  actually exist.

After a bloody revolution, a new leader comes  to power. She hires an army of scientists to edit the memories of her  subjects, to convince them she had been elected democratically.

The  daughter of a famous scientist falls in love with an artist and  announces that she is going with him to Europe. The scientist decides to  edit his daughter’s mind and remove her lover from her memory. Months  later, his daughter sees a painting at a museum that looks strangely  familiar…

An executive at a television station develops the  only thing better than holographic TV. He creates a device that allows  users to remember a television show as if it had happened to them. Weeks  later, millions of people remember friends, lovers, and exciting  adventures that never actually occurred.

A prison warden decides  that the only way prisoners can be truly rehabilitated, to truly move  beyond their past, is if they forget all their crimes.

After  suffering years of abuse at the hands of her boyfriend, a woman finally  finds the courage to leave him. A neurologist tells her that he can  erase the memory of the abuse. However, the erasing process is not an  exact science, and any of her other memories could be erased along with  the trauma.

A teenager, obsessed with a series of fantasy novels, hires a hypnotist to change his memories to that of the protagonist’s.

A  transsexual volunteers for a new medical procedure: having her memories  changed, so that she remembers her life as if she had been born a  female.

A neurologist, having developed a memory-altering  machine, decides to pose as a magician. He spends ten minutes standing  on an empty stage, but his audience remembers seeing the most amazing  show of their lives. But everything starts to fall apart when someone  sneaks in a video camera…

A neurologist’s wife must have brain  surgery to remove a tumor. He has her mind scanned and converted into a  digital file. If her brain is damaged in the surgery, he can use the  backup to help make her whole again. However, while she is under the  knife, he decides that there are a few things he doesn’t want her to  remember about her past and their relationship.

A man develops  an odd kind of progressive amnesia, where his memories and skills slowly  vanish. The only way for him to delay the process is to steal memories  from other people’s minds.

