The computer game My Other Life is the most advanced life simulation  in the world. Players can create a character, build them a home, give  them any job they wish, create friends, and more. The game company  announces to the media that they have a new service – for a one-time  fee, players can upload their minds into the game, becoming their  characters forever.

In the future, everyone has a mind scanner  implanted in their brains at birth. The instant someone dies, their  brain is scanned and their mind is uploaded to the Virtual World. If you  want to visit a dead relative, all you have to do is go online.

Variation  – After death, humans have their minds scanned and uploaded into the  Virtual World. Everything is wonderful until the invention of Virtual  Reality Advertising.

Another variation – Record companies and  film studios scan their stars’ brains and create AI’s with their  personalities and memories. After a celebrity dies, his AI is released  into the world to carry on his work.

A billionaire, desperate to  avoid death, arranges to have his mind uploaded to a computer. Due to a  paperwork error, the computer hard drive ends up installed in a  satellite. The satellite is launched into space and pointed to Pluto.

In  the distant future, aging people can have their minds transferred into  new, freshly-grown bodies. After a long fight with cancer, a man is  unable to afford a new body. He decides to split the cost with two of  his friends. But sharing a body turns out to be more challenging than he  had imagined.

A computer programmer designs the most complex  simulation of a universe ever designed. After the program is switched  on, he begins to notice something odd… Every time he makes a change to  the program, the real world changes, too.

A couple meets in  the Virtual World, where the man is a handsome, brawny knight with  fearsome skills and the woman is a playful fairy with magical powers and  unearthly beauty. They decide to get married in the Virtual World,  which is not uncommon, but they draw the attention of the media when  they decide to never meet in real life.

A lonely young man is  constantly badgered by his parents for not socializing and for doing  poorly in school. They have no idea that he is the Virtual World’s most  famous rock star.

A computer hacker scans his mind, converting  it into a digital file. He converts the file into a virus, and releases  it onto the net. Computers, androids, computerized cars, and thousands  of other machines are infected.

A powerful psychic is kidnapped  by the government. The only way they can prevent him from controlling  the world is to trap him in a virtual reality, where he is convinced  that he is an ordinary teenager, failing his Sophomore English class.

A  computer programmer creates a virtual world where everything is  perfect. When scientists discover a way to scan someone’s mind after  death and copy it to a computer, the computer programmer realizes that  his virtual world has just become heaven, and he is the technological  equivalent of Saint Peter.

A scientist informs his dying wife  that he has perfected a way of converting human minds into digital form.  Not only that, but he has built an android that will be her new body.  She passes away but, a few days later, wakes up in a new body. She walks  to the mirror, expecting to see a robotic replica of her own face.  Instead, she is greeted by the face of a Love Bot. Her new body is like a  cartoon stripper, ridiculously large breasts and an inhumanly small  waist, feet constructed in such a way that she cannot walk without  wearing six-inch heels. Needless to say, she’s rather upset. She decides  to use her husband’s mind scanning equipment against him.

Variation  – A scientist uploads his dying wife’s mind into a robotic body. She is  ecstatic to find that her new body makes her look just as she did at  twenty-three. However, when he loaded her mind into the android, her  husband included a few extra lines of code, rules that she is forced to  obey. She vows that, if she can find a way around the rules, she will  use her husband’s mind scanning machine against him.

