In the near future, only the wealthy can afford memory-enhancing  brain implants. This gives them a big advantage at work, and their kids a  huge edge in school.

A neurologist uses a surgery robot to  give himself mind-altering neurological implants. The implants  dramatically increase his memory, reading speed, and IQ, allowing him to  become one of the smartest men in the world. However, one of the chips  malfunctions, severely damaging his ability to communicate. His voice  and writing comes out garbled, and everyone he encounters thinks he is  mentally disabled. As he struggles to prove his intelligence, everyone  talks to him as if he were a child.

In order to negate the  effects of Alzheimer’s disease, a man is implanted with a memory chip.  It works wonders, giving him total recall. Unfortunately, a software  glitch results in a “memory loop” – the man is forced to relive the same  day, over and over.

A woman is given a brain implant to  control her depression. Later, her husband realizes that the same chip  that keeps her from getting sad is keeping her from getting angry. He  decides to take advantage of this fact.

Variation – A woman is  given a brain implant to control her depression. Later, she discovers a  way to manually control the implant, electrically stimulating her  brain’s pleasure center. She presses a button and instantly becomes  happy. As she focuses more and more on her “pleasure button,” the rest  of her life falls apart.

Another variation – A medical research  firm develops a brain implant that allows depressed patients to  stimulate their pleasure centers, making themselves instantly happy. The  CEO of a global corporation decides to install the implant in his  employees, but give the company the control. His employees will be  blissfully happy, but only when their working.

A man suffers a  head injury and, as a result, suffers memory loss. To repair the damage  to his brain, he is given a neural implant. However, while vacationing  in the mountains, the implant malfunctions, causing terrifying  hallucinations. Unable to get to medical care, he looks for a way to  remove the implant himself.

A man is given a brain implant to  control his epilepsy. A few days later, he begins to hear voices. The  man believes that the brain implant has given him telepathy, but it is  actually just picking up the audio from television signals – a soap  opera, commercials, a gangster movie, and so on.

A brain  implant from The SleepyTime Company allows users to completely control  their dreams. At night, users can spend their time fighting zombies,  having romantic liaisons with celebrities, spend time with deceased  relatives, anything. However, the implants also cause sleepwalking.  Users unknowingly sleepwalk to The SleepyTime Company’s office, where  they work all night, as slaves.

Portable audio devices become so  small that they can be implanted directly in the ear. At any point, the  person to whom you’re speaking might be listening to you, or they might  be listening to their favorite music. This begins to effect how people  relate to each other, especially when the devices are implanted in  children at birth.

In the near future, robots take more and  more human jobs. A restaurant only needs one human to watch over the  machines for any malfunctions. A corporation decides that they can avoid  paying computer programmers to write expensive software if they just  wire the teams of robots directly into the brains of their human  managers.

A man rents out his brain as a kind of temporary  storage for computer data. He is hired by a computer entertainment  company to store a backup copy of their new adventure videogame. When  the man is involved in a car accident, the data for the game begins to  leak out into the rest of his mind. His memories mix with chapters from  the game, and he begins to wonder which are real.

A race car  driver becomes the greatest driver in the world when he has his car’s  computer wired into his central nervous system.

Government  scientists design brain implants that deliver strong electric shocks  whenever someone tries to commit a crime. At first, the implants are  only given to convicted criminals, but then a politician suggests  expanding the program…

The government surgically implants  soldiers with a self-destruct switch so that, if they are captured, they  can have a mercifully quick death rather than be tortured by the enemy.  After the war, soldiers coming home long to tell the public the true  story of the war, and to expose the lies of the government-controlled  media. But anyone who tries to speak out suddenly winds up dead, their  self-destruct switch activated by remote control.

A computer  company uses the brains of prisoners as a kind of distributed computing  network. The prisoners, connected to the machines, begin to plan their  escape.

In the near future, tech-savvy people hook themselves  up to a device that monitors their vital signs, ready to send out a  signal in the event of their death. This signal emails their “last  words” to their friends and family, notifies their life insurance  company and next of kin, posts your their entry to their website, and so  on.

