A disease renders all the women infertile. Scientists genetically engineer women who are super-fertile, like human insect queens.

After the invention of artificial sperm, women start to view men as unnecessary

A medical research firm invents an artificial womb. Soon procreation is outlawed. Instead of sexual reproduction, corporations grow genetically engineered “perfect” babies and sell them on the open market.

An outbreak of disease kills everyone under twenty years old. Doctors discover that the only way to keep babies from dying is if they extend the length of the gestation period from nine months to twelve years

A bachelor is discovered to have a rare mutation that would make all of his offspring geniuses, physically beautiful, and nearly immortal. His sperm becomes the most valuable substance on earth.

Wanting to destroy the US economy, a terrorist group designs a “baby bomb,” a device that will keep women continuously pregnant

On a distant world, the land is filled with men. Once a year, the men journey to the beach, where they encounter the only females on the planet: mermaids.

On a distant planet, the corner bar is the most stressful place a man can be. Men approach women knowing that, if their pickup lines fail, the robot guards will drag them outside and beat them to death.

A race of aliens takes control of planet after planet, not through warfare, but through breeding. The aliens have airborne spores which can get any females pregnant with an alien baby. The babies are so adorable that any female would feel compelled to raise them as one of her own. The aliens fill the earth’s atmosphere with their spores, and simply wait for their offspring to grow up and overwhelm humanity through sheer numbers.

After researching reincarnation, a man discovers a way to be reborn but retain his memory of his old life. After a particularly passionate night of lovemaking, he has a heart attack and dies. A few months later, the man is reincarnated… as his own infant son.

