The world’s richest man builds his own artificial planet and  moves the headquarters of his company there. When his planet’s  gravitational pull begins affecting the earth’s tides, the President of  the United States is pressured to take action.

Astronauts doing geological surveys discover that the earth’s moon is hollow, and they search for a way inside.

Worried  about alien invasion, the Earth’s governments collaborate on an  ambitious project: the construction of an artificial Decoy Earth.

A  private corporation makes a settlement on a tiny planet. They drill for  ore, and use the ore to make steel panels that they use to expand the  size of the planet. They turn the planet inside-out, changing it from a  natural world to an artificial world.

Humans settle on a planet  and build a civilization. Thousands of years later, the planet begins  to leave its orbit and travel to another solar system. Humans discover  that the planet is artificial, and the most dangerous weapon in the  universe.

A group of college students discovers that the earth is hollow, and the inside is a colossal nightclub.

Astronauts  exploring distant space encounter an artificial planet. It is entirely  made of glass, like one colossal marble. As amazing as this is, it  doesn’t even compare to the creatures that made it.

Colonists  looking for a new, earth-like planet stumble upon an artificial world,  and it looks suspiciously like a colossal computer

After earth  is unable to find a nearby earth-like planet for new colonies, the Space  Exploration Corporation decides to build one of their own. They build  the planet with a world-wide security system to watch all of the  colonists twenty-four hours a day.

The Space Exploration  Corporation invites humans to come to its new, artificial planet where  everything is free. After a few years, the colonists start to notice  people vanishing, which the SEC blames on alien abductions. But one  colonist discovers that the planet is hollow, and the missing colonists  have fallen through trap doors and landed inside.

Astronauts  encounter an artificial, alien planet. The artificial planet captures  spaceships and strips them for parts, adding the parts to itself and  growing larger.

The universe’s most powerful weapon is an  artificial planet that can be flown into new solar systems. The planet  has no weapons, but it doesn’t need any. The planet’s added  gravitational pull causes earthquakes, hurricanes, tidal waves, and  other natural disasters on the attacked worlds.

Astronauts  discover a bizarre alien world. The planet appears to be made of black  plastic. One hemisphere is covered in a colossal number eight.

A  global corporation constructs an artificial planet that is like earth,  but without any natural disasters, pollution, or other common earth  problems. The governments of earth are soon faced with a difficult  problem: how to keep earth from becoming a planet-sized ghost town.

