The planet is the only other earth-like planet in the universe, and  the inhabitants on earth need it desperately, as earth is about to be  destroyed by an asteroid. However, one of the astronauts is a suspected  murderer, and wants to keep the location of the planet a secret so he  can’t be arrested.

They have to figure out if the alien life on  the planet is intelligent before they can start colonization.  Unfortunately, they have problems trying to communicate with the aliens –  the aliens only communicate by telepathy

Variation – The aliens only communicate via odor

The aliens worship the humans as gods, and bring them sacrifices

The  astronauts spend months trying to communicate with the aliens, to no  avail. Eventually, they discover that the aliens are actually  animatronic puppets, and the entire planet is an alien amusement park.

At  seemingly random moments, the aliens burst into choreographed song and  dance numbers. Amazingly, they never do the same one twice.

The Stone Age aliens need humanity’s help to fight enemy tribes

The aliens are religious, the astronauts convert, bring the religion back to earth

An astronaut falls in love with a sentient tree

The planet was cleared of intelligent life by war and disease. However, they are not alone: the entire world is haunted.

The government wants to start a colony on a new planet. In  order to save space on the ship and fuel, scientists genetically  engineer a line of six-inch-high people. But some of the tiny people  want to stay on earth, and escape the lab…

After finding what  they think is an empty world and building colonies, humans discover that  the planet is occupied with intelligent life. The aliens on the planet  are the size of ants and their cities have been being crushed by every  human to walk the planet. The miniature aliens develop tiny aircraft and  get ready for war against the enormous human invaders.

Astronauts  make earth’s first contact with intelligent alien life. Unfortunately,  the aliens live on an asteroid headed straight for earth.

Astronauts  discover a distant world filled with humanlike aliens. The alien leader  is a strange man in a white robe who lives at the top of a mountain.  The astronauts soon begin to wonder: is this the god humanity rejected?

Before  Earth can colonize a planet, scientists must determine if it contains  “sentient” life. Every time an earthlike planet is discovered, the  government changes the definition of “sentient” so that the native  aliens do not qualify, and their planet can be taken away from them.  Eventually, the legal definition of “sentient” is so strict that fifty  percent of human beings no longer qualify.

