The president has trouble explaining why he’s attacking a planet of sentient bunnies

The planet itself is useless, but the alien inhabitants are made of Blasto, a valuable fuel source

Humans discover they were predicted in the aliens’ bible as their apocalypse

Earth is nearly out of food, and the aliens taste like coconut shrimp

Earth soldiers discover that the planet they are to destroy is heaven, literally

The  aliens surrender immediately, and allow themselves to be colonized by  humans. The male colonists are dismayed to find that earth women prefer  the aliens.

The aliens are going through the equivalent of  earth’s Middle Ages. When the earth ships arrive, they attempt to defend  themselves with trebuchets and ballistas.

Earth forces are sent  to attack an alien world, but never told why. Days after the planet is  conquered, the soldiers discover the truth: the planet is actually a  colossal egg. It must be destroyed before the beast inside hatches.

The  humans discover that the aliens are immune to their weapons. All looks  lost until one of the soldiers makes an interesting discovery: the  aliens are terrified of clowns.

The aliens have almost no technology, and they plan to stop the war with meditation and chanting.

The aliens are made of glass and one good punch makes them shatter into a thousand pieces.

The  aliens attempt to bribe the human soldiers into deserting the army.  They offer them gold, alien women, free food for life, but nothing seems  to work. Finally, one of the aliens discovers what every human really  wants…

The government of earth sends solders to invade a  distant planet but, when the soldiers arrive, they find the planet  disserted. Or so they think. Soon, the soldiers are attacked by a  vicious enemy that none of them can see.

The aliens, their  planet, and everything on it are made of soft, foam rubber. Try as they  might, the humans can do nothing to hurt them.

The aliens resemble gigantic arachnids. Half of the invading ships are caught in colossal spider webs.

The  human soldiers discover that the planet they are to invade looks  exactly like the one they left. Their commanders insist that it’s an  alien world and not actually earth, but the soldiers aren’t so sure.

Variation  – The aliens are telepathic, able to look into the humans’ minds and  memories. The aliens transform themselves into duplicates of the humans’  families and friends. The human soldiers know they must follow their  orders but, to do so, they must kill what appear to be their own  children.

