The story of earth’s first space station to be recognized as an independent nation

After  the solar system is colonized by earth, there are a number of space  stations around every world. One of those space stations is Dirty Joe’s,  an illegal casino and strip club.

A man becomes trapped on  earth’s first space station, and decides to use the station’s  broadcasting equipment to become the most famous DJ in the world.

A group of astronauts on earth’s first space station are visited by what appear to be alien prostitutes.

In  order to create artificial gravity for a space station, a scientist  creates a miniature black hole to be kept at its center. Of course, the  new technology is not without its dangers…

Ten astronauts are  performing experiments on a space station when their home country is  destroyed by sudden war. The astronauts, trapped in space, begin to lust  after Rose, the only female of the crew.

As the space tourism  industry grows, more and more hotels are built in orbit around the  earth. Aliens decide that taking entire space stations is easier than  abducting humans one at a time.

An asteroid strikes an orbiting  hotel, knocking it into space. The space tourists are distraught to  discover that no one is coming to rescue them.

Pirates  construct a space station and drag it into orbit around the planet mars.  The space station grabs incoming ships of new colonists and strips the  ships for parts and sells the colonists into slavery.

Aliens  from an overpopulated planet buy the right to build space stations in  orbit around the earth. The space stations are the size of cities, and  filled with alien colonists.  As the aliens build, it looks like the  planet may soon be sealed away behind a solid layer of space stations,  and humans will be unable to leave the planet.

When the space  tourism industry becomes big business, entrepreneurs construct an  orbiting stadium for the world’s first zero gravity sport: rocket ball.

Earth’s most dangerous criminals are trapped in an orbiting prison. That is, until they find a way to escape…

Orbiting  the earth is a gigantic, floating city called Eden II. Millions of  people live, work, and play there every day. One morning, a man  discovers that he’s alone in the city. Everyone has simply disappeared.  He gets on the radio and tries to contact earth, but there is no  response…

Secretly, earth has run out of space for landfills. A  corporate executive decides to create the world’s first orbiting  garbage dump.

