A man marries a beautiful, young woman and forces her into a cryonic  chamber, only letting her out when he wants her. He gets older, but his  wife is kept in pristine condition.

A man is told he has an  incurable disease, so he elects to be frozen until a cure is discovered.  While he sleeps, he is abducted by aliens. He is revived a thousand  years later, on an alien world.

A team of archeologists  discovers a cryonic prison. The world’s most dangerous criminals have  been lying there, frozen, for hundreds of years. In the middle of the  prison, in suspended animation, is an eight-year-old girl. The  archeologists begin to debate: Was she frozen in some sort of tragic  mistake, or did the government have a good reason for wanting her out of  the way?

A woman discovers that the statues at her museum are actually alive, humans who have been frozen in an ancient form of cryonics.

A  scientist builds a cryonic suspension chamber so his family’s dog will  stay a puppy for decades. His wife begins to have strange ideas about  the new baby…

In the distant future, archeologists revive  preserved humans, gathering knowledge about the past. As the earth is  overcrowded, any useless humans are killed. A gambler and con artist  convinces the scientists that he is filled with useful information.

Too  afraid to take his own life, a depressed man purchases a cryonic  freezing chamber and searches for the perfect place to sleep until the  end of time.

A teenage boy with a rare disease has to be  cryonically frozen until a cure is discovered. He is awakened twelve  years later and cured. Coming home from the hospital, he finds that his  best friend and highschool sweetheart have grown into adults, and his  brother, who he last remembers in diapers, is now the same age as him.

A  man volunteers to take part in a new cryonic freezing process, being  frozen and revived a year later. He is frozen but, horrifically, he is  conscious but unable to move. Before he can be revived, the earth is hit  by World War III.

A young man with a rare disease agrees to be  frozen until the doctors can find a cure. He is placed in suspended  animation but, due to a technical glitch, he remains conscious. He  remains frozen for decades, with nothing to do but think. To avoid going  insane, he constructs an entire world in his mind, imagining hundreds  of people, their lives, families, pets, and more. Two hundred years  later, he is finally thawed out and cured. He goes from being the god of  an imaginary world to an ordinary human, unemployed and friendless.  Needless to say, the adjustment is difficult.

During the Great  Depression, tens of thousands of people volunteer to be cryonically  preserved, hoping to be thawed out when the economy recovers.

