Pollution makes the surface of the earth uninhabitable, leading to  the creation of floating cities. As the cities are spread so far apart,  only the strongest of birds can make the trip from one city to another.  (Natural selection favoring the largest and strongest birds.) Thousands  of years later, humanity is plagued by enormous, man-eating sparrows.

After  land becomes prohibitively expensive, a real estate firm creates the  world’s first floating cities. The new homes of the rich cast permanent  shadows on the lives of the poor. The floating cities begin to connect  themselves with bridges and the earth’s surface gets darker and darker.

When terrorists decide to attack a floating city, they go after the city’s weakest point: the anchor.

Due  to a natural disaster, the people of a floating city end up trapped,  unable to travel down to the surface. Gradually, the city floats higher  and higher…

Radiation makes the surface of the earth  uninhabitable, leading to the creation of floating cities. Thousands of  years later, a scientist discovers that a new breed of surface-dwelling  humans has evolved.

In order to preserve the earth’s species from a possible apocalypse, a corporation builds a floating, city-sized zoo.

The  earth’s most dangerous criminals are sent to the world’s first floating  prison. One master criminal spends his days staring at the earth below,  planning his escape.

The mayor of a floating city tries to hide the fact that the antigravity generators are failing.

The  inhabitants of a floating city are blissfully unaware that their whole  world is actually a single soap bubble floating through the air in the  kitchen of a greasy diner.

A young girl is separated from her  boyfriend when her parents move to a floating city. She is desperate to  run away with him, if she can only find a way to get back down to the  surface…

An astronomer in a small, rural town insists that he  has discovered a city floating miles above the surface of the earth.  Unfortunately, no one believes him. He is mocked endlessly, and the town  doctor talks about sending him to the insane asylum. To save his  reputation and career, the astronomer must find proof of the floating  city before it’s too late.

A cult leader convinces his  followers to give him everything they own. He uses the money to  construct the world’s first floating city. A reporter knows that proof  of the cult leader’s deceptions is in the floating city, but how can he  get up there?

