A new medicine makes humans immortal, but only the rich are able to  pay for the treatments. A new game show offers immortality as the grand  prize

A corporation offers anyone immortality, as long as they will work eighteen hours a day in one of their factories

A  medical research firm designs a treatment that slows the aging process  down to one-tenth of its current speed. Unfortunately, there is a side  effect: any future children will be affected, too. The “terrible twos”  now last a decade.

A man is cursed by his enemies with  immortality. He spends hundreds of years watching his friends and family  grow old and die. Tired of loss, he retreats to a cave in the  wilderness, not speaking to anyone for centuries. Countless millennia  later, he faces the only thing worse than grief: the heat death of the  universe. If he cannot find a way to die, he will face an eternity  floating in formless, empty space.

A new medication dramatically  increases a human’s lifespan by reversing the aging process. Whenever  the user falls asleep, they age in reverse.

A new medical treatment offers immortality, but for a price. The longer they live, the faster their memories fade.

A  scientist develops a medication that would completely stop the aging  process, making humans nearly immortal. But before it can be brought  into production, he discovers that the pharmaceutical company isn’t  going to sell it. They have the cure for every disease known to man but  they realize it would put them out of business. They want to keep the  medication for themselves. He memorizes the formula and destroys all the  physical copies, leaving his laboratory in flames. He is hunted by the  pharmaceutical company, the government, an aging billionaire, and a  religious cult that believes that modern medicine is evil.

A man  discovers a way to move his consciousness from body to body, becoming  essentially immortal – as long as he leaves a body before it dies.

A  medical research company develops a treatment that speeds up the  healing process, making it nearly impossible for the patient to die.  Decades later, a small group of scientists discovers proof of the  afterlife. The immortal humans are faced with the knowledge that they  will never see heaven.

Deep in the Amazon rainforest, explorers  discover a new species of flower, which they take back to America. The  leaves of the plant temporarily stop the aging process, making  immortality a real possibility. However, the plant is difficult to grow.  It needs lots of sun, water, and human blood.

An astronaut  discovers the secret of immortality and heads back to earth with the  good news. But, on the way back, his ship is struck by an asteroid and  destroyed. The astronaut is left floating in space, immoral and alone.

An  advanced civilization develops medical technology so advanced that  people become essentially immortal. A new law is passed: instead of  wasting space for prisons, criminals will simply be dropped into deep  space and left to float for eternity.

Variation – Biological  and nuclear warfare kills off most of the population, and the secret of  near-immortality is lost. Slowly, society begins to rebuild. Millennia  later, one of the immortal criminals finds his way back to the planet.  And he’s pissed…

A woman discovers a way to regain her lost  youth: she will transfer her mind into her teenage daughter’s body.   Twenty years later, she gets remarried and has another daughter, and the  process repeats again. After ten generations, her latest daughter  discovers her mother’s evil plan. The daughter must stop her mother  before her sixteenth birthday, when the switchover takes place.

Medical  science advances to the point where humans become nearly immortal.  However, there is one problem: boredom. To avoid becoming bored with  life, humans have their memories erased once every hundred years.

New suspended animation machines allow Earth’s laziest humans to daydream forever in coffin-like storage pods.

