A large corporation develops the nanoassembler, a device that can  manipulate atoms to build anything you desire. Nearly everyone quits  their jobs. The only thing left to buy is electricity. The power  companies prepare to rule the world.

A scientist invents the  nanoassembler and programs the miniature marvels to build him an android  companion, a beautiful robot girlfriend. The nanoassemblers build more  and more women, and the man eventually ends up with a robotic harem. But  when the scientist cuts himself shaving, the nanoassemblers get under  his skin…

Cloth made from nanofibers allows clothing  companies to sell clothing with expiration dates. After exactly one  year, shirts, pants, and dresses simply disintegrate, leaving nothing  but a pile of brightly-colored dust.

A group of pranksters  steals prototype nanobots from a research company’s lab. The pranksters  program the nanobots to transform factories, salvage yards and other  ugly industrial eyesores into gigantic works of art.

Plastic  surgeons develop new applications for nanotechnology, allowing anyone to  take any appearance. At first, people want to look like models or  celebrities, but then a growing minority begins demanding fur, tails,  and even wings.

Variation – After new developments in  nanotechnology, plastic surgeons reach new heights of artistry. A man  goes on a date with a woman he thinks is twenty-three, but is actually  in her early eighties.

A government lab develops nanobots that  can invade a human body and replace the brain with a computer. After a  cloud of nanobots escapes, a scientist begins to wonder who is human and  who has become a machine.

An injured soldier is injected with  nanobots that rebuild his body from the inside. As he returns home from  the battlefield, he realizes the nanobots are still altering his body,  making him something other than human.

The government secretly  releases clouds of nanobots into the atmosphere. The nanobots are  breathed in by pregnant women, and their unborn children are transformed  into the government’s idea of the Perfect Citizen.

A woman has  nanobots injected into her bloodstream to replace her failing immune  system. The nanobots rapidly duplicate themselves, but soon run out of  raw materials. The woman begins feeling an urgent need to eat plastic,  wires and metal.

