When a human enters a teleportation chamber, their mind and body are  scanned, their body is disintegrated, and the data is sent to the new  location. During a terrorist attack, the data is misrouted. Tens of  thousands of people discover that their minds have been sent to the  wrong bodies. How would a city deal with such a problem? Or an entire  country?

The head of Teleportation International has to give a  press conference to explain why his machines have been malfunctioning,  teleporting travelers into active volcanoes.

The world’s greatest assassin is a teenage girl who can, with a thought, be anywhere in the world.

Evil  aliens take control of earth’s network of teleportation chambers. Real  humans go in one end, and shape-shifting aliens come out the other.

A woman is stalked by her ex-boyfriend, a telepath with the ability to appear anywhere he desires.

A  madman’s computer virus takes control of a public teleportation  chamber, sending unlucky travelers to the bottom of the ocean.

A thief with the ability to teleport anywhere in the world decides to pay a visit to the international gold depository.

Variation  – A thief has the ability to teleport anywhere in the world.  Unfortunately, he can only take something with him if it’s under his  skin, or inside his body…

After the development of  teleportation technology, brothels expand their business worldwide.  Anyone can visit a brothel’s website, chose a sexual partner, and have  them delivered to their home instantly.

A newlywed couple  discovers that their toddler has escaped from the nursery and wandered  into their teleportation chamber. With a shudder, they realize that  their helpless child could be anywhere in the world.

After the  invention of teleportation technology, thousands of truck drivers, cab  drivers, airline pilots, and others are all out of work. Dr. Goldsmith,  the inventor of teleportation, suddenly has thousands of enemies all  looking to make his life miserable.

A man with the ability to  teleport anywhere he desires kidnaps the children of the rich and  powerful. The authorities realize it is almost pointless to search, as  he could be anywhere on Earth, or even the colonies on Mars.

A  company develops diapers that never need changing. Anything “deposited”  in the diaper instantly vanishes. The CEO is shocked when he discovers  where the waste goes…

Teleportation chambers work by scanning  the exact arrangement of a person’s atoms, disintegrating them, and  creating an exact copy of the person someplace else. But every once in a  while, the machine malfunctions and doesn’t disintegrate the original.  This results in two exact copies of one person at two different  locations. One copy thinks the chamber worked, and the other thinks it  failed.

Variation – A terrorist group rigs the most-used  teleportation chambers in the world, the chambers at Times Square, to  fail to disintegrate the original person. Thousands of tourists all over  the country find that they have duplicates left over in New York. Chaos  ensues.

