As the surface world becomes more and more crowded, people begin to  build bubble cities at the bottom of the ocean. As the surface cities  are destroyed in an alien attack, the water dwellers wonder how long it  will be before the aliens come for them, too.

Generations of  underwater living begin to change the direction of human evolution.  People realize they have a choice: find a home on the overcrowded  surface world, or see their grandchildren become a new species.

After  the surface cities are destroyed in a nuclear war, the water dwellers  realize that they will have to stay submerged for hundreds of years,  until the earth heals. They search for a way to control population  growth.

Variation – The surface cities are decimated in a  nuclear war, and the water dwellers find themselves under sedge by the  mutated survivors.

On a new planet with a hostile surface, the  only place safe for humans to settle is under the water. Sadly, the  safety is an illusion. The human settlements are soon under attack by  giant, sentient clams.

The earth is contacted by aquatic  aliens who purchase the right to build cities under earth’s oceans.  Hundreds of years later, the alien population has grown so much that  they are forced to build domed, water-filled cities on the land.

When two underwater cities prepare for their first war, they search for a way to protect their bubbles from breaking.

A  chain of underwater cities begins piping in air from the surface. Days  later, the surface dwellers notice they are a little short of breath…

Short  on space, the underwater cities begin to expand. The new domes cause  the sea level to rise, flooding surface cities. The surface dwellers  struggle to deal with the problem. The governments of both worlds wonder  how long diplomacy can last before there is all-out war.

After  a fishing ship brings home mutated tuna, thousands of people are  afflicted with a new disease. Their lungs shrink and are slowly replaced  by gills. The victims must build a new world for themselves under the  sea.

