Police try out a new nonlethal weapon: the Solipsism Ray – a device that makes you think you’re the only person in the world.

Variation – After pepper spray is discovered to be toxic, police try out a new nonlethal weapon: Crippling Self-Doubt Spray.

Local  politicians take away a man’s pet store so they can build a hotel on  his land. The pet store owner decides to get revenge. He attacks with  his new invention: the puppy bomb.

To cut down on the rate of  homicides, all firearms have a built-in “waiting period.” Pull the  trigger and the gun fires, thirty days later.

Variation – In the  distant future, ray guns come equipped with “undo” buttons. Regret  murdering your wife and best friend? No harm done. Simply hit the  switch, and they’re both good as new. (Warning: Undo function only  available for twenty-four hours after shooting. If the brain is damaged,  the undo function may not restore full mental powers. Some restored  individuals may become the walking undead.)

A computer hacker  threatens the world. Unless the government transfers ten billion dollars  into his offshore bank account, he will send an email to everyone on  earth, an email containing the secret to building a cheap, simple fusion  bomb.

Engineers develop a weapon for the ultimate sneak attack:  the Drill Tank. Spy satellites can’t see you if you attack from  underground!

The most dangerous weapon in urban warfare is the  Spider Grenade. Stealthy and silent, it sneaks up on its victim, jumps  on them, and pulls its own pin.

A college student fails his  classes, while his friends become highly successful. Finally, a science  project gives him a way to get revenge – He invents a new weapon, the  brain leech.

An engineer develops robot “bees,” flying syringes that can inject anything into their victims.

A  small, Eastern European country faces the horror of war without an air  force. The king has an encounter with aliens who offer him a weapon that  can stop enemy fighter jets: a cache of cloned dragon eggs.

A  new biological weapon is stolen from a government lab and unleashed on  the unsuspecting populace: a virus that reverses the aging process.

A  ten-year-old boy is reading a comic book when he sees an unusual  advertisement: “Only $9.95 for your very own incontinence-producing ray  gun! Works up to fifty yards away! A barrel of laughs!”

Terrorists  infiltrate gardening supply stores, where they sell unsuspecting  customers some very dangerous seeds. These mutated seeds sprout  overnight into forty-foot Venus Flytraps.

