A man develops a universal translator, a machine that will allow  people all over the world to talk to each other without the language  barrier. Taking the machine out for testing, he discovers that the  chatter of squirrels is actually a language. The squirrels decide that,  to keep their society a secret, the man must die.

Variation –  After working all night on a translation machine, a scientist takes his  infant son to daycare. As several of the daycare workers are immigrants,  he decides to bring the translation machine with him to test it.  Amazingly, it works, but not on the immigrants. He discovers that baby  babbling is actually a language. The infants are communicating. The  babies at the daycare decide that, to keep their secrets, the scientist  must die.

A scientist develops a universal translator, and  rejoices at the thought that, with communication barriers a thing of the  past, the world might finally know peace. When the CIA finds out about  his invention, they decide that, if it can translate any language, it  can also break any code. They decide that the technology must never see  the light of day.

Computer programmers at a large software  company invent a universal translator. Soon, expensive human  interpreters are out of work. One corporation controls all the  translation services in the world. The CEO realizes that, through  “accidental” translation mistakes, he can put innocent people in jail,  destroy businesses, and start wars. He has a small handful of  programmers rewrite the software so that he can control it at a  distance.

After aliens land on the earth for the first time,  government scientists work night and day to develop a translation  machine. Weeks later, the head scientist brings the prototype to the  aliens. Horribly, he finds that the machine must be broken. After all,  why would aliens travel millions of miles just to say “Sex! Sex! We want  sex!”?

A researcher working on a prototype universal translator  finds that his own linguistic abilities are breaking down. The more he  works on the machine, the less he is able to understand spoken and  written words. He can’t simply give up, as the machine is his one chance  at a great scientific breakthrough but, if he doesn’t stop, he may be  isolated, unable to communicate with anyone forever.

