Earthlings on different planets have no way to send FTL messages to  communicate with each other. An explorer discovers a planet populated by  beings that can traverse the universe in the blink of an eye: angels.  If only they could be forced to work as messengers…

In the future, telepaths provide the only way to send faster than  light messages across the vastness of space. Anyone with the gift is  forced to work for the Government Office of Interplanetary  Communication, but one young girl rebels…

The population of earth spreads out to a wide variety of different  planets. Unfortunately, they have no way of communicating with each  other at faster than the speed of light, and it takes years to send  messages between planets. Until one day, when a research company  develops a time machine. To send a message to another planet  “instantly,” they just send it back in time before it was ever written.

An alien scientist builds a device that can transmit signals faster  than the speed of light. To test the prototype, he plugs it into his  satellite dish and rebroadcasts the signal into deep space. Moments  later, earth gets its first glimpse of alien television.

The population of earth spreads out to a wide variety of different  planets. A scientist invents a new device that sends messages faster  than the speed of light. The scientist discovers that he can send  messages to colonists on other planets, or to someone else… God.

An amateur scientist, working in his garage on a FTL communication  device, accidentally contacts an alien world. The aliens are friendly  and offer him the secrets of their technology, but first he would have  to give them directions to earth. His wife, an avid science fiction fan,  is suspicious and wonders what motivation the aliens would have to  simply give technology away. The question of wither or not the aliens  should be given a star map to earth leads to debate, to fights, and  eventually to violence.

Scientists discover a form of energy that can travel faster than  light, making FTL communication possible for the first time.  Unfortunately, the energy is extremely dangerous, and deadly to humans.

A corporation on earth invents faster than light communication, and  sets up the only receiving station for messages. A young reporter  discovers that the corporation is censoring the news from the space  colonies.

The population of earth spreads out to a wide variety of different  planets, with no way of communicating with each other at faster than the  speed of light. The government decides to make use of a group of Holy  Men who can use astral projection to travel to other worlds instantly.  One of the Holy Men visits another planet to deliver a message, but he  falls in love with a beautiful colonist. How can he build a relationship  with someone when he’s not even on the same planet?

A doctor in a distant hospital discovers a way to send messages to  distant planets. Patients with terminal illnesses are given messages to  memorize, in the hopes that they will be able to visit distant worlds on  their way to the afterlife.

While experimenting with a new FTL radio, a scientist begins  receiving messages from alien soldiers fighting in what sounds an awful  lot like earth’s Civil War…

After working for days without sleep, a scientist finally completes  his new FTL radio. He collapses in the corner of his lab, exhausted.  While he slumbers, the first person to communicate with an alien world  is his mischievous, eight-year-old son.

A scientist working at a radio telescope receives a strange message.  It is a clear signal, but an equipment malfunction prevents him from  determining which direction the signal originated from. The coded  message, when translated, turns out to be schematics for a  faster-than-light communications device. The scientist and his coworkers  construct the device and then, not knowing which direction the original  message came from, contemplate sending a signal into every part of the  sky. However, one coworker has an interesting objection: they are  virtually guaranteed to reach multiple planets with their message. What  are the odds that at least one of them will be hostile? Is it worth  taking the chance, or is it better to remain silent and unnoticed?

