A man clones his ex-wife over and over, the marriage failing each time

A woman cloning her children repeatedly, keeping them as small children forever

A lonely man clones himself, but switches the sex chromosomes to “XX”

In the future, celebrities have to jealously guard their DNA, lest they be cloned without their permission

Variation – Celebrities sell their DNA, so that childless couples could have babies cloned from the stars.

Scientists  develop a way for humans to be nearly immortal. Older people have their  minds loaded into younger clones of themselves. A husband and wife  decide to sue after a technical glitch puts them in each other’s bodies

Variation  – A dying woman is cloned and, when her clone finally turns twenty-one,  her mind is loaded into the clone’s brain. Due to a computer glitch,  the clone’s mind is not erased. Both minds are trapped together in the  same body.

A man clones himself and his parents so he can relive his childhood

The latest celebrity scandal involves an A-list actor who was caught in bed with his own clone.

Frustrated with the way the government is run, a man clones himself enough times that his vote controls every election.

After  taking part in a strange scientific experiment, a man develops the  ability to reproduce asexually like a single-celled organism.

The  government hires an assassin to kill a scientist who is working on  dangerous experiments in genetic engineering. When the assassin arrives  at the scientist’s lab, he discovers that the scientist has cloned  himself dozens and dozens of times.

Afraid of being assassinated  by terrorists, the President has himself cloned half a dozen times. He  feels much safer at first, but then the clones decide that they want all  the political power to themselves.

A woman finds her husband in bed with another woman. Oddly, the “other” woman is also her.

Variation  – A geneticist asks his wife if she would ever consider a threesome.  When she agrees, she discovers that the threesome is a little different  than she had imagined…

