A planet where intelligent life evolved from insects. After sex, the women to eat their husbands.  The wedding night is hell.

Humans are gradually replaced by highly-evolved squirrels

Earth  sends a sleeper ship to a distant world. Sadly, the ship’s computer  malfunctions, only reviving the tubes containing the passenger’s pets.  Thousands of years later, the earth develops a faster-than-light  spacecraft, sending new colonists into space. They discover that the new  world is controlled by the decedents of the passengers’ pets, which  have evolved into intelligent bipeds.

Variation – A sleeper ship  heads off into space for a journey that will last eons. When the ship  finally arrives at the new world, the passengers are awakened, and  shocked to discover that 1. The ship left earth with a cargo hold full  of cockroaches and 2. The cockroaches have evolved intelligence.

Variation  – A newlywed couple buys what they think is their dream house. However,  they soon discover that 1. Their house is infested with cockroaches, 2.  Their house is located atop a toxic waste dump, and 3. The cockroaches  are evolving.

A teenager refuses to invite any of his friends  over to his house, and he won’t even tell them where he lives. After  arguing about it all summer, one of his friends finds out why: his  parents are cavemen.

In the Middle Ages, humans split off into  two subspecies, one with wings, one without. The winged humans can  attack bomb the castles of their enemies from the sky, far out of reach  of the non-winged humans’ weapons.

Scientists construct the  most powerful computer ever build to study human evolution. The computer  runs a simulation of the human life on earth, allowing them to see how  humans will evolve in the future. What they discover is so horrifying  they decide that humanity must be exterminated for its own good.

An  alien comes to earth with technology that, he claims, can dramatically  increase the speed of human evolution. However, the technology creates a  new kind of “generation gap,” psychically gifted children who think of  their parents as backward cavemen.

A group of scientists and  politicians believe that humanity is “de-evolving.” They believe that  medical care and the ease of modern life has virtually eliminated  “survival of the fittest.” In order to insure that only the strongest  survive, they develop a plan: bring back the dinosaurs. Only those  strong and smart enough to avoid being eaten will reproduce.

