A preacher discovers he can make his congregation hallucinate

A new product for parents comes on the market, a mind control device that can force kids to behave.

Police who can force people to obey the law, and the criminal who outwits them

A scientist leaves his mind-control ray plugged in, and it is discovered by his cat

Variation  – A pet store sells a “behavior modifier,” an electronic device that  makes animals behave like the perfect pet. A young couple purchases one,  hoping to make their cat stop scratching the furniture. Soon, however,  they begin to wonder if the behavior modifier is affecting them more  than their pet.

An inventor creates a mind control device, and  programs it to turn the victim into his old-fashioned idea of a  “perfect” wife – cooking 3 meals a day, cleaning the house in pearls and  high heels, a “Donna Reed” type. But then his wife discovers his  plan…

A small town politician discovers a way to use hypnosis to swing voters in his favor.

A  small girl discovers a way to control her parents’ minds. Her parents’  friends wonder why they let their bratty eight-year-old make all of  their decisions.

A highschool principal begins to suspect that the new soft drink being sold in his school is keeping the students weak-minded.

A  man develops the ability to control minds, turning anyone into his  slave. Soon, he has millions of dollars, designer clothes, and a fleet  of sports cars, everything he could ever desire… except for a wife.  Love isn’t real if the person has no free will.

After studying  hypnosis for years, a man develops the ability to control anyone’s mind.  However, he can only do it for thirty seconds at a time.

An archeologist discovers an ancient amulet that allows her to control people’s minds. However, it only works on men.

Putting  on her makeup one morning, a talented scientist discovers her first  gray hairs. She uses a mind control ray to change how she is perceived.  She isn’t actually younger, but everyone sees her as if she is. At  first, she is happy with the results. But when her boyfriend offers her a  lollypop, she wonders if she’s losing control of her powers.

The  new head of an advertising agency is a former Las Vegas stage  hypnotist. Anyone who sees his commercials are instantly convinced that  they need the product being advertised, even if they don’t. A few days  later, the stores are packed with men buying cosmetics and childless  couples buying diapers and formula.

