A bachelor who can predict the future knows how his relationships will end before they even start

A psychic detective that can only see what DIDN’T happen

A  psychic predicts the winning lottery numbers three times in a row. The  FBI decides he must be tampering with the lottery and arrests him.

A psychic writes a best seller that predicts each reader’s future.

A  children’s birthday party clown receives psychic visions.  Unfortunately, they only come when he is in full clown regalia, so no  one takes him seriously.

A woman is cursed with a kind of clairvoyance…  Every time  she makes a choice, she has a vision of what the future would have been  like if she had chosen something different. And the grass is always  greener…

A chef discovers she is psychic, gifted with the ability to smell the future

A  government agency monitors private individuals investing in the stock  market. Anyone who makes consistently good picks is investigated for  illegal use of psychic ability.

A psychic musician is able to hear hit songs from the future and claim them as his own.

When  humanity evolves the ability to see the future, television producers  are faced with a serious problem: by the time a show makes it to the  air, viewers have already seen it. New television shows are instant  reruns.

A man gets a job writing an astrology column for a  small town newspaper. Amazingly, he can actually see into the future.  However, given that there are hundreds of people with each sign, his  predictions must be general enough to apply to them all. When the local  factory shuts down, dozens of people move away. The astrologer realizes  that there is only one Gemini left in town. Finally, the astrologer can  show just how accurate his predictions are! The next morning, the  astrology column addresses the last Gemini by name.

A man  experiments with a piece of software called a “virtual coin flipper.”  Each side of the coin should come up fifty percent of the time. However,  the man discovers that whenever a major event in his life is about to  happen, the coin flipper produces far more heads than tails. He can use  the machine to sense the future. However, he does not know if this  predicted “major event” will be good or bad, or even how to prepare for  it. The more he experiments, the more his paranoia grows.

